 Han Jue took out the Heavenly Dao Token and started to contact the Heavenly Emperor.
 The Heavenly Emperor quickly asked, “What is it?!
 “Your Majesty, did something happen to Hao’er?”
 “Oh? You feel the same?”
 “Yes, I’ve deduced that Hao’er seems to be in danger. He’s very fearful.”
 “I understand. I’ll go find him now.”
 The conversation ended.
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief and continued cultivating
 In the past ten years, there had been no emails about Long Hao being possessed again. His portrait was still there. Presumably, Hao Tian also did not dare to harm him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t keep Long Hao’s soul around until now.
 in
 In the mountains and rivers, Fang Liang lay in the rubble on the ground. The mountains and rivers in a radius of ten thousand kilometers seemed to have been bombed. A visible fog could even be seen in the sky.
 The black clouds covered the scorching sun as two figures fought in the sky. All sorts of Mystical Powers were at their fingertips. Sometimes, violent winds howled, and sometimes, violent lightning descended, wreaking havoc in the world. One of them was Ji Xianshen.
 Despite wielding ten thousand tons of lightning, he was being suppressed. His opponent was a bull-headed greater demon dressed in thick and sinister armor. He held a huge axe in his hand, and as he waved it, flames surged like waves, sweeping across ten million miles. He was unstoppable. Fang Liang clutched his chest and sat up with difficulty.
 He didn’t look injured, but his Dharmic powers were exhausted.
 “This fellow is at least a Rank Two Immortal Emperor!”
 Fang Liang gritted his teeth and muttered to himself. His eyes flickered.
 He and Ji Xianshen were both Grand Unity Golden Immortals. Being able to fight an Immortal Emperor was already their limit.
 At this rate, they would all die.
 Fang Liang suddenly thought of the Invocation Technique.
 However, he immediately rejected this thought. He couldn’t implicate Grandmaster anymore.
 Grandmaster had already saved him twice. If he did it a third time, he would be letting Han Jue down.
 Fang Liang gritted his teeth and returned to the fight.
 “For a Grand Unity Golden Immortal to have such strength, the two of you are indeed considered prodigies. Unfortunately, both of you will die!”
 Immortal Emperor Ox Demon laughed disdainfully and wantonly, resounding through the world.
 The disheveled Ji Xianshen smiled sinisterly. “I’ve heard too many people say that! I’m not dead! They’re dead!”
 He raised his hands and triggered the lightning to attack with the power to destroy the world.
 Seven years passed after contacting the Heavenly Emperor.
 Han Jue suddenly opened his eyes. He felt inexplicably uneasy.
 Did something happen?
 At his cultivation level, his intuition was very accurate. His Dao heart was stable, so it was impossible for him to feel uneasy for no reason.
 Han Jue checked the emails. As he read, he noticed two emails.
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by a Demon Immortal Emperor and unfortunately died. His soul was luckily saved by a mighty figure.)
 [Your grand-disciple Fang Liang was attacked by a Demon Immortal Emperor and unfortunately died. His soul was luckily saved by a mighty figure.]
 The two of them were really tied together, just like Zhou Fan and Mo Fuchou.
 Too bad.
 Han Jue checked his interpersonal relationships and found that their portraits were still there. That was fine.
 “How troublesome. They went around causing trouble despite the Immeasurable Calamity, they deserved to die outside!” Han Jue snorted. He was extremely dissatisfied with Fang Liang.
 However, he still used the derivation function to deduce who had saved the two of them.
 He actually needed to use 80 million years of lifespan.
 Han Jue wanted to vomit blood.
 He still chose to continue.
 Then, in a daze, he arrived at a Daoist temple.
 Ji Xianshen and Fang Liang’s souls floated above a huge cauldron boiling with medicine and smoke.

 Di Taibai!
 No!
 Immortal Emperor Samsara!
 Immortal Emperor Samsara had the appearance of Di Taibai. He wore a black Daoist robe and had two pupils. He stared at them coldly.
 “Di Taibai? Why is it you?” Ji Xianshen asked in shock.
 As the leader of the Heavenly Court’s Literature Immortals, Di Taibai was known to everyone in the Heavenly Court.
 Fang Liang was also very surprised.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara said calmly, “I’m not Di Taibai, but Immortal Emperor Samsara.”
 nsa
 Immortal Emperor Samsara? The two of them were stunned. Clearly, they had never heard of this name. “Do you want to win the providence and obtain the Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit?” Immortal Emperor Samsara asked expressionlessly. Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit!
 What an arrogant tone!
 Ji Xianshen asked, “What do you want?”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara said, “I don’t want the present, but the future after several calamities.”
 “What future?”
 “You shouldn’t care. All you need to know is that I can help you become stronger. It depends on whether you dare to enter the calamity.”
 Ji Xianshen and Fang Liang looked at each other.
 The two of them could see the unwillingness in each other’s eyes.
 They said in unison, “Yes!”
 The scene shattered.
 Han Jue returned to the Connate Cave Abode.
 He frowned. What was Immortal Emperor Samsara doing?
 Although Immortal Emperor Samsara had a favorable impression of him, he had always been wary of him.
 This fellow even dared to hide beside the Heavenly Emperor. He definitely had great ambitions!
 Han Jue continued to deduce, “I want to know why Immortal Emperor Samsara saved them!”
 (Unable to derive mental activity]
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 In other words, Immortal Emperor Samsara had never revealed his intentions externally.
 Han Jue asked in another way, “Is he targeting me?”
 (50 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 (He’s targeting your other identity, the Dark Forbidden Lord]
 Han Jue was confused. The Dark Forbidden Lord had provoked Immortal Emperor Samsara before?
 Han Jue didn’t remember cursing him.
 Was this fellow trying to cause trouble?
 Since it was targeted at the Dark Forbidden Lord, it had nothing to do with Han Jue.
 He was also embarrassed to curse him directly. After all, he had obtained the inheritance of Immortal Emperor Samsara, and Di Taibai had helped him a lot before.
 He shook his head and stopped thinking about it. He continued cultivating.
 The situation became more and more chaotic. He had to reach the Deity Realm as soon as possible, or he would not be able to protect himself.
 After the Dao Field upgraded and the speed at which it absorbed negative karma increased, Han Jue’s cultivation speed remained very fast.
 He might be able to become a Rank Nine Immortal Emperor soon.
 Heavenly Court!
 In the imperial garden, the Heavenly Emperor sat in the stone pavilion drinking. Sitting in front of him was Jing Tiangong from the Jie School.
 “Dark Forbidden Lord? I don’t know. I also want to find trouble with him,” the Heavenly Emperor said casually.
 Jing Tiangong said openly, “Impossible. The Heavenly Dao Buddha has gone mad, the Demon Emperor’s temperament has changed drastically, and the Divine Palace has changed owners. Among the four factions, only Your Majesty is becoming more and more high-spirited. The Dark Forbidden Lord must be related to Your Majesty. Don’t worry, I’m not looking for trouble with him. I want to seek refuge with him.
 “Your Majesty, you have a plan. If you can contact the Dark Forbidden Lord, can you introduce him to me? I’m fascinated by him and am willing to do anything for him.”
 The Heavenly Emperor’s expression did not change as he pondered.
 It seemed true. Although the Dark Forbidden Lord had cursed him, it did not hurt.
 Could it be that the Dark Forbidden Lord was really related to the Heavenly Court?
 Or did the Dark Forbidden Lord want to frame them?
 The Heavenly Emperor shook his head. “I really don’t know.” Jing Tiangong gritted his teeth and said, “As long as Your Majesty is willing to help introduce me, the Jie School will definitely help the Heavenly Court in this calamity!”

