 I also want to know who the Dark Forbidden Lord is!
 After hearing Jing Tiangong’s words, he increasingly suspected that the Dark Forbidden Lord was plotting something.
 As time passed, the Divine Palace, Buddhist Sect, Demon Court, and other factions would also suspect him.
 Previously, he had even instigated the other races to impersonate the Dark Forbidden Lord. The other party was not angry, either… The more the Heavenly Emperor thought about it, the more his expression darkened.
 Jing Tiangong stared at him, waiting for his reply.
 After a long while…
 The Heavenly Emperor said, “I really don’t know who the Dark Forbidden Lord is. Thank you for your reminder. You made me realize that he might be paying attention to me.”
 Jing Tiangong frowned. This was not the answer he wanted. “How about this? You help me. If I can encounter the Dark Forbidden Lord, I will definitely introduce you. The Dark Forbidden Lord controls the calamity. It’s easier for a leader of a force like me to contact him. You should understand,” the Heavenly Emperor said slowly.
 Jing Tiangong frowned even harder and cursed the old fox.
 Another ten years passed.
 As usual, Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune to curse the enemy while cultivating and checking his emails. (Your good friend Huang Jihao was attacked by demons] x124322
 (Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by your good friend Pan Xin.]
 (Your good friend Zhang Guxing has fused with the Sword Dao River. His Sword Dao has increased greatly.)
 [Your good friend Divine General has obtained a body of providence and his soul has transformed.]
 (Your good friend Jiang Yi has obtained a Supreme Treasure. His providence has increased greatly.)
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan has undergone training. His cultivation has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure.]
 (Your enemy Heavenly Dao Buddha has lost his mind because he hates you.]
 So many fortuitous encounters!
 Why did Li Daokong bump into Pan Xin?
 He was not injured!
 This fellow was something!
 Li Daokong was one of Han Jue’s most trouble-making friends, but this fellow was also the only one who was not severely injured.
 It seemed that no matter who he faced, he would not be injured.
 As expected of the eldest disciple of the Human School
 Han Jue was a little tempted.
 It did not seem bad to acknowledge Li Daokong as his master.
 However, he had to wait until the calamity was over. If Li Daokong was still alive and far stronger than him, he could consider it.
 Perhaps at that time, Han Jue would no longer need a master.
 Also…
 Had the Heavenly Dao Buddha only lost his mind now?
 What happened previously?
 Did he take revenge on all living beings by acting crazy?
 Han Jue felt that the Heavenly Dao Buddha was very dangerous. It was better to kill him if there was a chance.
 He continued to look down. The Heavenly Court was still in a fierce battle. The calamity had been activated for a period of time, but it had not stopped.
 Immortals were immortals. They could really endure it.
 A month later, Han Jue put down the Book of Misfortune and continued cultivating.
 However, after cultivating for a few months, Dao Comprehension Sword came to him.
 “Master, the Fusang Tree is shaking again! It said that it’s very afraid!” she said anxiously.
 This was the first time such a situation had occurred since the Fusang Tree had developed intelligence.
 Hearing this, Han Jue subconsciously checked the experts around Hidden Sect Island and found no enemies.
 He immediately stood up and walked out of the cave abode to the Fusang Tree. The other disciples gathered and discussed.
 Han Jue looked at Fusang Tree and asked, “Just like before, what existence has targeted?you?”
 The Fusang Tree shook as if it was trembling. It replied, “I’m not sure, either… I’m inexplicably afraid. I can’t control this fear…”
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 Black Hell Demon Lord walked over and said, “I’m afraid there’s something in the Nine Nether Purgatory that should be related to birds.”
 Duan Hongchen added, “There are indeed birds and beasts in the Nine Nether Purgatory. The most terrifying is the Primordial Phoenix. After it perished in the calamity, it was suppressed in the Nine Nether Purgatory. If it’s him, I’m afraid…”
 Han Jue said, “It’s fine. I’ll think of a way.”
 With that, he turned around and left.
 The other disciples continued to discuss.
 “This Nine Nether Purgatory is still not safe.”
 “It’s fine. Even the Phoenix can’t find us.”
 “Even Grandmaster isn’t panicking. What are you afraid of?”
 “Haha, just like Ah Da and Xiao Er from before. Don’t even think about running away!”
 “Can you not talk about this?”
 “Back then, I almost ate all of you!”
 After returning to the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue ignored the worried Dao Comprehension Sword and began to use the derivation function.
 “I want to know who made the Fusang Tree uneasy.”
 Han Jue thought silently. (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 A hundred million years!
 Crap! If finding out only the identity of the other party cost this much, it was very likely that it was a big shot!
 Han Jue continued nervously.
 He felt dizzy.
 When he opened his eyes again, he came to a dark void. This was still the Nine Nether Purgatory. Boundless negative karma transformed into a dense fog that filled the air. It was even darker than the place where Hidden Sect Island was.
 Han Jue quickly noticed panting in the darkness ahead. He narrowed his eyes and was almost frightened to death.
 It was a pair of eyes!
 The single eyeball was larger than the entire Reroll World. Even Han Jue, a Rank Eight Immortal Emperor, couldn’t see its entire body.
 Words appeared in front of him.
 [Primordial Yuan Phoenix: Cultivation unknown. Master of negative karma. Once the head of the Phoenix Race, he participated in the first Immeasurable Calamity and died. His soul was suppressed by the Heavenly Dao. Later, he was sent into the Nine Nether Purgatory by the Dao Ancestor and endured the endless torture of negative karma, never to make a comeback.]
 The overlord of the first Immeasurable Calamity!
 Han Jue felt his scalp tingle.
 This was a true big shot!
 Being targeted by him was not good.
 Han Jue’s consciousness returned to reality.
 He continued to ask in his heart, “Will the Primordial Yuan Phoenix find Hidden Sect Island?”
 [No, he’s surrounded by negative karma and can’t move. The Dao Field can block his divine sense. The Fusang Tree has limited appeal to him.)
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 But this made sense!
 Although the Fusang Tree was a divine tree, it might not be attractive in the eyes of mighty figures.
 The Fusang Tree was afraid because of its instincts.
 After some time, it would get used to it.
 Han Jue suddenly thought of the losers in the Nine Nether Purgatory. Would legendary figures appear?
 Forget it!
 What does that have to do with me?
 I can’t think of them as my idols. It’s easy to die here.
 Han Jue hurriedly warned himself that he couldn’t use his previous life’s memories to assess these legends.
 Legends were ultimately for mortals to see. It had all sorts of motives and could not be trusted completely.
 Han Jue looked at Dao Comprehension Sword and said, “It’s fine. I’ve already deduced that there won’t be any danger. It’ll be fine after the Fusang Tree gets used to it.”
 Pleasantly surprised, Dao Comprehension Sword quickly stood up and spread the news. Everyone from the Hidden Sect believed Han Jue firmly. If he said that there was no danger, there would definitely be no problem. After the Fusang Tree learned of it, the shaking decreased greatly. Han Jue stopped thinking and cultivated in peace.
 One day, he would surpass the Primordial Yuan Phoenix.
 Perhaps after he sucked the Nine Nether Purgatory dry, the Primordial Yuan Phoenix would be grateful to him and directly bow down to him!
 That would be quite awesome!

