 Fairy Xi Xuan had returned from the Reroll World. After training in the mortal world, she seemed to have comprehended something and could not wait to enter seclusion.
 This small incident didn’t interrupt Han Jue’s cultivation.
 His cultivation level increased again. He was getting closer and closer to the Rank Nine Immortal Emperor.
 His mind was filled with thoughts of breaking through. He even read fewer emails.
 The peak of the Immeasurable Calamity might be coming soon. He had to have the strength to protect himself.
 There were very few Zenith Heavens in the Immortal World. As long as one reached the Deity Realm, it was very difficult to die.
 Of course, even if he was in a hurry, Han Jue didn’t forget the mission of cursing once every ten years.
 This kind of mission was already deeply rooted. It was also for the sake of happiness and stable cultivation. It couldn’t be forgotten.
 On this day.
 The Golden Crow Token emitted Jiang Yi’s divine sense again.
 Han Jue couldn’t be bothered.
 It was a waste of time.
 If a person wanted to die, even the Zenith Heaven Divine Immortal could not save him!
 He continued to cultivate.
 His Dao heart was as firm as a rock.
 Another ten years passed.
 Han Jue cursed the enemy while checking his emails.
 He wanted to see what his friends were up to. (Your good friend Jiang Yi was attacked by a mighty figure. His body was destroyed and his soul was suppressed.]
 (Your good friend Dao Sovereign was attacked by the True Dragon Race] X23110 (Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by a True Dragon Race mighty figure.) (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was cursed by a mysterious curse.] (Your disciple Long Hao was suppressed by your good friend Heavenly Emperor]
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian obtained a secret treasure of the Jie School. His providence has increased greatly.]
 (Your disciple Su Qi has obtained the Great Dao of Misfortune.]
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan has been enlightened by a mighty figure. His cultivation has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Li Daokong has become a person facing the calamity.]
 He was indeed having fun!
 Han Jue couldn’t help but curse Jiang Yi in his heart. What a useless thing. Couldn’t he be more well-behaved?
 He was originally the number one prodigy of the Golden Crow Divine Clan, but now, he was almost a commoner!
 No matter how talented he was, he couldn’t screw around endlessly! Han Jue noticed that the Heavenly Court was attacked by the True Dragon Race.
 What was going on?
 The Heavenly Emperor was from the True Dragon Race, so was he beaten up by a fellow member?
 Did something happen to the Heavenly Court?
 Long Hao was suppressed by the Heavenly Emperor, probably to deal with Hao Tian.
 This kid, Su Qi, was quite something. It seemed like he was going to make a comeback. The next time he returned, he had to deduce it and see if he could let him in and not be harmed to death by him.
 Han Jue thought silently.
 Seeing Zhou Fan’s actions, he couldn’t help but complain.
 Was this fate?
 In fantasy novels, two words could describe this.
 How terrifying! Also, Li Daokong, you’ve finally become the person facing the calamity. I can’t watch anymore!
 Han Jue continued reading and clearly felt the Immortal World becoming more and more unstable.
 It seemed like a huge battle was about to break out!
 A month later.
 Han Jue took out the Heavenly Dao Token and contacted the Heavenly Emperor.
 Soon, his divine sense connected.
 “Your Majesty, how have you been?”
 “Not good.”
 The Heavenly Emperor’s tone was filled with exhaustion.
 This was the first time Han Jue heard this tone, and his heart skipped a beat. The Heavenly Emperor sighed. “Recently, someone has spread rumors that the Dark Forbidden Lord is related to the Heavenly Court. Most importantly, the ancient races that worship the Dark Forbidden Lord have all declared that they will live and die with the Heavenly Court. We have been surrounded by forces that hate the Dark Forbidden Lord. The Four Heavenly Gates are still in chaos. I don’t know how long I can last. Fortunately, you haven’t returned.”
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 Damn it!
 Who used my name to attack my Heavenly Court?
 Han Jue was furious and prepared to spend his lifespan.
 He consoled, “Your Majesty, hold on. Isn’t the Buddhist Sect an ally?”
 “The Buddhist Sect can’t even take care of itself. The Divine Palace was the first to lead the endless ghosts of the Nine Nether Purgatory to attack the Spirit Mountain. It’s said that many Buddhas have already perished. In the previous calamity, the Buddhist Sect had harmed too many living beings… They might have fallen earlier than the Heavenly Court.”
 Han Jue remained silent.
 What was going on?
 If the great villain Buddhist Sect collapsed, the Heavenly Court he wanted to protect would also collapse.
 Hao Tian was already suppressed. Could it be that his fate had changed again?
 The Heavenly Emperor instructed him before hurriedly severing his divine sense connection.
 Han Jue asked in his heart, “I want to know who planned the current crisis of the Heavenly Court.” (Derivation impossible. Too much karma is involved.]
 Han Jue was stunned.
 What do you mean?
 More than one person is involved?
 Han Jue was speechless.
 He continued, “Then, I want to know who will be the biggest winner in this Immeasurable Calamity.”
 (1.5 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 More than before?
 It seemed that this fellow was even more ferocious than the Heavenly Dao Buddha, the Demon Emperor, and Hao Tian!
 “Do it!”
 Han Jue gritted his teeth and chose to continue.
 Immediately after, his consciousness was brought into the illusion again.
 Han Jue opened his eyes and discovered that he had arrived outside the 33 Layered Heavens.
 The hall ahead was the Nüwa Imperial Palace.
 A figure stood in front of the palace. Han Jue narrowed his eyes.
 Wasn’t this the founder of the Divine Palace, Zu Tu?
 The Nine Nether Purgatory was activated by him!
 He was the biggest winner?
 Zu Tu said, “Sage, you promised me the position of a Sage. When will you honor it?”
 A female voice came from inside the palace.
 “Zu Tu, the condition I gave was that you had to win without slaughtering all living beings. Now that the living realm is full of wandering ghosts and all living beings are dead, do you still have the cheek to ask for the Sage position? Aren’t you afraid that the Dao Ancestor will know?”
 Zu Tu did not panic at all when he heard this. He said coldly, “I knew you would go back on your word. You Sages always go back on your word. Could it be that the Sage positions are limited and can’t tolerate new Sages? If that’s the case, then I’ll look down on the Great Dao Calamity. I want to slaughter Sages!
 “I’ll give you a chance to assist me. Otherwise, I’ll kill you first!”
 Han Jue almost cursed. Another slaughter! Are you crazy?
 If he wanted to fight for providence, so be it. Why did he have to slaughter strangers?
 Was Zu Tu possessed by the devil? Was he so arrogant? Han Jue wanted to hear the Sage’s answer, but everything in front of him shattered like a mirror.
 After returning to the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue was conflicted.
 Should he save the people or think of a way to save the Heavenly Court first?
 Sigh!
 I’m only an ascetic cultivator. I don’t want to enter the calamity. Why do I always have to face such a huge choice?
 Oh Dao Ancestor, in order to protect your Heavenly Dao, I’ve really tried my best.
 Han Jue felt bitter. It seemed that he had to curse Zu Tu in the future.
 Although Zu Tu did not hate him, this fellow would slaughter all living beings. Sooner or later, he would harm the people he cared about. Perhaps even he would not be able to escape death. But the most important thing now was to consider Heavenly Court.
 Han Jue thought for a long time but couldn’t think of a way.
 Forget it.
 Han Jue couldn’t figure it out and couldn’t be bothered to think about it. It wasn’t that he was heartless, but that he was helpless.
 He couldn’t go to the Heavenly Court to be buried with them, right?
 Ten years later.
 Something finally happened to the Heavenly Court.
 Their immortals were not attacked again. In his interpersonal relationships, not many of his Heavenly Court friends had died.
 Han Jue took out the Heavenly Dao Token and asked about the situation.
 The Heavenly Emperor’s laughter sounded. “Hahaha, the crisis has been resolved. The Chan and Jie Schools have come to help. With the two disciples of the Human School, the Heavenly Court is equivalent to obtaining the support of the entire Dao Sect. It frightened those forces into retreating.” Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 Indeed.
 Even without him, the Heavenly Dao continued to operate.
 To think that he was still worried about them. His cultivation speed had slowed down a little.
 The Heavenly Emperor’s voice sounded again, “That’s right, I want to ask you. Do you know the Dark Forbidden Lord? Could he be the master behind you?”

