 The Heavenly Emperor knew?
 Impossible!
 Han Jue panicked and subconsciously smiled. “Yes, I’m the Dark Forbidden Lord.”
 The Heavenly Emperor chuckled. “I believe?you.”
 Han Jue said helplessly, “Your Majesty, I’ve always been avoiding calamity. If I’m related to the Dark Forbidden Lord, wouldn’t I have long entered the calamity? With my nature, with such a master, I definitely have to stay away.”
 Feeling that it made sense, the Heavenly Emperor continued, “Other than me, the other three overlords of the four overlords of the Immortal World were all implicated. Is the Dark Forbidden related to the Heavenly Court? Either that or he wants to harm the Heavenly Court.”
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 But what do you want me to do?
 Curse you until you go mad?
 Han Jue felt bitter but didn’t dare to reveal his thoughts.
 He added, “It’s indeed very likely a conspiracy. The Dark Forbidden Lord is plotting against the entire Immortal World. We should plan for the worst. We can’t expect him to be one of us.”
 The Heavenly Emperor smiled and said, “That makes sense. You’re thinking the same thing as me. No matter what, with the help of the Dao Sect, the various forces in the Immortal World shouldn’t really believe that the Dark Forbidden Lord is from the Heavenly Court because there’s no need for it. The current Heavenly Court is definitely the strongest force!”
 Han Jue could tell that he was very happy.
 It seemed that the help of the Dao Sect made the Heavenly Emperor confident.
 “Your Majesty, you should be careful. Ever since I joined the Heavenly Court, how many allies have you changed?” Han Jue couldn’t help but remind him.
 The Heavenly Emperor fell silent, feeling a little awkward.
 Han Jue asked, “How’s Hao’er?”
 “He’s fine, but I can’t find the soul in his body. I can only imprison him for the time
 being.”
 “Pay more attention usually. If it’s really Hao Tian, it won’t be good.”
 “I understand. Don’t worry.”
 “Mm.”
 The two of them severed their divine sense and ended the connection.
 Han Jue was relieved that the Heavenly Court was fine.
 As for the Heavenly Emperor suspecting that he was related to the Dark Forbidden Lord, that was fine. He could suspect anything.
 The Heavenly Emperor wouldn’t believe that he was the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 This was normal. From the Heavenly Emperor’s point of view, he definitely could not understand why the Dark Forbidden Lord was so weak. Han Jue didn’t just rely on the Book of Misfortune. He also relied on the system, the Dao Field, and many other methods to make the enemies who cursed him unable to predict him at all.
 Even if Void Emperor traveled to the past, he was stopped by Han Jue.
 What he needed to do now was to cultivate in peace.
 He had to be like before to completely dispel the Heavenly Emperor’s doubts.
 On the other side.
 In a pavilion in the Heavenly Court.
 The Heavenly Emperor put down the Heavenly Dao Token and fell into deep thought.
 “Since it has nothing to do with him, who else can it be? My sons don’t have to help me like this. I know how strong they are. There’s only one possibility. The Dark Forbidden Lord wants to frame me.”
 After thinking it through, the Heavenly Emperor’s eyes turned cold.
 Although he was almost successfully plotted against by the Dark Forbidden Lord, the Heavenly Court also obtained the help of the Dao Sect because of this. This was a good?thing.
 “No, I have to be wary of the Dark Forbidden Lord. I need to find a Supreme Treasure to guard against the curse.”
 The Heavenly Emperor immediately stood up and left.
 Seven years later.
 Han Jue’s cultivation was interrupted as Jiang Yi contacted him with the Golden Crow Token.
 Thinking of how he had rejected him before, Han Jue still took out the Golden Crow Token.
 “What is it?”
 “Why did you ignore me previously?”
 “You must want to drag me to the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End again. I don’t want to be beaten up with you.” “You… don’t trust me that much?”
 “Then tell me, what is it now? Opportunity? Or help you find help?”
 “I… need help…”
 Han Jue was speechless.
 He asked angrily, “The Golden Crow Divine Clan just left and something happened to you again?”
 Jiang Yi gritted his teeth and said, “This time, it’s a huge matter. The Buddhist Sect invited a mysterious faction to help us in the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End. I accidentally bumped into them. If not for the account of my master, I would have been directly killed by them. Now, I’m suppressed in a Dharma treasure. I’m in too much pain. Save me.”
 Han Jue asked in surprise, “They didn’t take away your Golden Crow Token?”
 “This Golden Crow Token is hidden in the depths of my soul. They can’t sense it.”
 “Alright, I’ll ask the Heavenly Emperor for help now.”
 “Brother, thank you. You’ve saved me twice. From now on, you’re my best brother!”
 “Cough cough, if you don’t have absolute confidence in the future, don’t go overboard.”
 “Hehe.”
 Han Jue severed the divine sense connection and picked up the Heavenly Dao Token to inform the Heavenly Emperor.
 The Heavenly Emperor immediately agreed. He also wanted to see what the Buddhist Sect was up to.
 He had always been wary of them.
 Han Jue put down the Heavenly Dao Token and stretched.
 Dao Comprehension Sword asked curiously, “Master, was the number one prodigy of the Golden Crow Divine Clan looking for you just?now?”
 She had heard of Jiang Yi from Black Hell Demon Lord and the others. She also knew about Ah Da and Xiao Er’s background. Therefore, she found it amazing that the number one genius of the Golden Crow Divine Clan was so respectful to Han Jue.
 The Golden Crow Divine Clan was nothing much!
 is the outcome of adventuring everywhere. This fellow kept telling me that there was a huge opportunity and I didn’t go. I’m still fine now, but he was on the verge of death several times.”
 Dao Comprehension Sword nodded and said seriously, “Master is the most sensible. Master’s Dao heart is what cultivators should possess. If everyone in the world was like Master, how can there be an Immeasurable Calamity?”
 Han Jue shook his head and laughed. What twisted logic.
 Unfortunately, not everyone’s potential is the same as ours.
 With poor potential, one could only seek opportunities.
 Han Jue didn’t say anything else and continued cultivating.
 Now, the speed at which negative karma transformed into cultivation was becoming faster and faster. It was even faster than Han Jue’s Qi cultivation through absorbing Qi.
 This was a good thing. The amount of negative karma of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus was huge. Coupled with the negative karma outside the island, it could be said to be endless.
 Han Jue could also use this opportunity to repay the Heavenly Dao.
 At that time, the Heavenly Dao would reward him with great merit!
 In the blink of an eye.
 Twenty years passed.
 Han Jue was getting closer and closer to the Rank Nine Immortal Emperor. He had a feeling that the speed at which he would break through to the Rank Nine Immortal Emperor Realm was faster than breaking through to the Rank Eight Immortal Realm!
 On this day, Han Jue was still cursing the enemy when Jiang Yi contacted him again.
 Han Jue connected with his divine sense.
 “Brother, thank you. I’ve already been saved. Our Patriarch is also very grateful to you. He said that you are an eternal friend of our Golden Crow Divine Clan. In addition, didn’t you take in Di Hongye’s two children? The Patriarch has shown mercy and allowed them to return to the clan and enjoy the treatment of prodigies.”
 Jiang Yi smiled. Towards the end, he was a little proud, as if waiting for Han Jue to praise him.
 Han Jue rejected politely, “Forget it, let them stay by my side. They’ll return after the Immeasurable Calamity ends.”
 “That’s true. Now that the calamity has arrived, we can barely protect ourselves.”
 “Cultivate well when you return. I won’t hide it from you anymore. I’ve already surpassed the Rank Five Immortal Emperor Realm. Actually, I gave you face previously, but I can’t bear to see you continue to suffer. After struggling for a long time, I still decided to tell you the truth. Hey? Are you listening? Jiang Yi, are you dead?”
 Han Jue was surprised. Why wasn’t this fellow saying anything?

