 “Damn it!”
 Han Jue couldn’t hear a reply for a long time and couldn’t help but curse.
 Jiang Yi said faintly, “Is that true?”
 “Mm.”
 Actually, I’ve already held back.
 Han Jue sighed in his heart.
 I’m still too soft-hearted.
 Jiang Yi took a deep breath and said, “Alright! I should indeed cultivate in seclusion!” With that, he severed his divine sense connection.
 (Jiang Yi’s favorability towards you has increased. Current favorability: 6 stars]
 Eh?
 This fellow is asking for a beating?
 Han Jue found it funny. Putting down the Heavenly Dao Token, his expression turned solemn.
 He had accidentally revealed himself. He had to cultivate harder next to prevent Jiang Yi from catching up.
 Han Jue didn’t want to tell him another story. He continued cursing the enemy while checking his emails.
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen has obtained a mighty figure’s inheritance. His providence has increased greatly.)
 [Your grand-disciple Fang Liang has obtained a mighty figure’s inheritance. His providence has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Li Daokong has stepped into the Zenith Heaven Realm. Three flowers gathered above him and his providence has transformed.]
 [Your good friend Tai Sutian has entered the calamity.)
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan is surrounded by negative karma. His cultivation has increased greatly.) (Your good friend Duan Hongchen has comprehended the Heavenly Dao and has comprehended a Mystical Power.] [Your disciple Su Qi was attacked by an ominous aura) x983
 Li Daokong reached the Zenith Heaven Realm?
 Hiss!
 Not bad!
 This fellow was already invincible before he stepped into the Zenith Heaven Realm. How strong was he now?
 Li Daokong’s only weakness was Li Xuan’ao!
 Han Jue felt that Li Daokong was not the protagonist. He was more like those impressive legends in novels.
 He also noticed that Tai Sutian had entered the tribulation.
 Could this be the order of the Nüwa Imperial Palace?
 This calamity was definitely related to them. Otherwise, Zu Tu wouldn’t have been angry with the Nüwa Imperial Palace.
 “Fortunately, I hid in the Nine Nether Purgatory. If I was targeted by a Sage, it would be troublesome.”
 Han Jue thought silently. Tai Sutian was only interested in him. If he didn’t have the system, he wouldn’t have known that the Nüwa Palace was paying attention to him.
 He could have easily become a Sage’s pawn.
 Just the thought of it made Han Jue shiver. He was now vigilant toward Tai Sutian.
 He hoped that Tai Sutian would not target him!
 Divine Palace.
 Countless disciples gathered in the hall. They were densely packed and all stood in the same direction.
 In front of them, a figure stood on the steps. It was Zu Tu.
 Zu Tu wore a black robe and a curtained purple crown. He was very domineering.
 Zhou Fan and Mo Fuchou stood among the disciples staring at him curiously.
 They were uniform and imposing.
 Zu Tu said, “All of you are geniuses who have obtained the recognition of the Divine Palace. The calamity has arrived and there are many wars. I won’t force you to participate. I hope that you can cultivate first and increase your strength before working for the Divine Palace.
 “A dead genius is not a genius.
 “I will open the barrier to the mystic realm. There are dangers and opportunities inside. What you can obtain will depend on yourselves. It’s best that you stick together and not fight among yourselves. You’ll find disciples from other factions inside the mystic realm. They’re your enemies.
 “Do you understand?”
 All the disciples replied in unison.
 Zu Tu waved his right hand, and a strong light burst out from the top of the palace. A powerful suction force pulled at the robes of all the disciples.
 The disciples rushed into the strong light like a school of carps crossing the river.
 Zu Tu looked up with anticipation. He muttered, “I hope you don’t disappoint me.”
 After the barrier closed, Zu Tu turned around and sat down in front of the mat. He took out a book and formed hand seals with both hands. His Dharmic powers wrapped around the book.
 “We’re about to succeed.” Zu Tu smiled.
 He planned to create a Book of Curses and pretend to be the Dark Forbidden Lord. At that time, he could rope in the Dark Sect and the factions who believed in the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 As for the Dark Forbidden Lord, he was not afraid at all.
 In the Immeasurable Calamity, not many were his match.
 It was even more impossible to defeat him with the power of curses.
 The Dark Forbidden Lord had never dared to show himself. There had to be a reason for that. Or perhaps he was not strong enough. At least, he wasn’t strong enough to ignore the Immortal World.
 Fifty years passed quickly. In the past few years, no one had disturbed Han Jue. He focused on cultivating, and his cultivation level increased very quickly. He was already about to break through.
 On this day.
 Han Jue, who was cultivating, suddenly felt a fluctuation in the world of stars in the depths of his soul.
 He placed his consciousness on the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 The black lotus was slowly blooming.
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows.
 What did this mean?
 He probed with his divine sense. Other than endless negative karma, he couldn’t sense anything unusual. He could only wait patiently.
 The 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus slowly bloomed. 36 petals bloomed, dazzling everyone.
 Han Jue was pleasantly surprised to find that his absorption speed was also increasing.
 He retrieved his consciousness until it was outside the star and discovered that the other stars were absorbing negative karma.
 These stars were equivalent to Han Jue’s cells. Every star contained his vast Dharmic powers.
 Had his Stellar Primordial Body improved again?
 Good news!
 He had already found the absorption rate to be too slow.
 Perhaps the Stellar Primordial Body also needed to break through. After reaching a certain stage, it would transform further.
 That’s right.
 Although his previous talent was very strong, Han Jue felt that it was still lacking.
 The Primordial Physique had to have an unparalleled advantage compared to the Chaotic Physique!
 Han Jue continued observing.
 When the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus completely bloomed, the billions of stars absorbed negative karma. Violent winds roared through the world of stars. Fortunately, the Reroll World was protected by his Dharmic powers, or it would have been torn apart by negative karma.
 Han Jue was overjoyed.
 The speed at which the negative karma transformed into his cultivation base was so fast!
 He looked again and saw that more than half of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus had been purified by the nebulous Primordial Qi.
 Not bad! Not bad!
 It seemed that it wouldn’t be long before Han Jue refined the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 At this moment.
 The 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus shook violently, looking extremely irritable.
 Han Jue sensed something and threw his Primordial Judgment Sword into the world of stars. The Primordial Judgment Sword was also shaking violently. Once it entered, it automatically flew towards the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 What happened?
 Han Jue was nervous and expectant.
 The Primordial Judgment Sword was refined from the nebulous Primordial Qi he carried when he transmigrated into the Primordial Space. It was his Birth Dharma treasure.
 As Han Jue’s cultivation level increased, it also became stronger.
 From the looks of it, the Primordial Judgment Sword seemed to have a connection with the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 No!
 To the nebulous Primordial Qi!
 The nebulous Primordial Qi could purify the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus. The Primordial Judgment Sword refined from nebulous Primordial Qi was also affected.
 Han Jue waited patiently.
 He had a feeling.
 A cheat might be appearing.
 No.
 It was time for explosive growth!
 Han Jue had read the emails before. So many people who entered the calamity would obtain opportunities that far exceeded what they had before. Their cultivation speed would also increase. He had always been secretly envious.
 It was finally his turn to rise!

