 Han Jue was most concerned about the Primordial Judgment Sword and the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 The two treasures overlapped each other. The Primordial Judgment Sword stood above the heart of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus and spun continuously.
 Most of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus had already been purified by the nebulous Primordial Qi and was gradually transforming into a purple lotus.
 Han Jue was very satisfied. Other than his cultivation speed increasing, he could clearly sense that the Primordial Judgment Sword and the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus were establishing a special connection. Although he didn’t know what the connection was, he had a feeling that he would become stronger.
 Time passed.
 Eight years later. Han Jue finally had the chance to break through! He chased Dao Comprehension Sword out and began to break through.
 With the Dao Field around, there was no need to transcend the tribulation. In less than three years, he had successfully broken through!
 Rank Nine Immortal Emperor!
 Han Jue’s soul had reached an extremely perfect state. If his soul left his body, one could see a dazzling purple light shining from his soul. It was like a purple statue, crystal clear.
 His divine sense transformed and became stronger. Divine sense!
 Han Jue felt that although his Dharmic powers were also increasing, they were not as strong as his divine sense.
 He looked forward to the Deity Realm even more.
 What was the Deity Realm!
 Han Jue consolidated his cultivation while checking his attributes panel.
 [Name: Han Jue]
 (Race: Immortal (Stellar Primordial Body)]
 (Cultivation: Rank Nine Reincarnation Immortal Emperor]
 (Technique: Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao, Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering]
 [Great Dao: Great Dao of Life and Death, Great Dao of Karma)
 Two quadrillion years of lifespan!
 Boring!
 After Han Jue broke through a few times, he was no longer interested in the increase in his lifespan.
 He needed more excitement!
 After two years, Han Jue completely stabilized his cultivation.
 He continued cultivating, wanting to break through to the Deity Realm.
 After reaching the Deity Realm, he would increase his Sword Dao Mystical Powers in one go.
 Han Jue didn’t even curse to celebrate. It could be seen how eager he was to reach the Deity Realm.
 On the other side.
 Immortal World, overseas, Golden Crab Island.
 Huang Zuntian was meditating in front of the waterfall and cultivating. His body emitted a golden aura that was visible to the naked eye.
 He was like a completely different person.
 Now, he was no longer an existence that could be bullied.
 The White Crane suddenly landed behind him and said respectfully, “Sect Master has summoned all the Island Masters to discuss something.”
 Huang Zuntian opened his eyes and frowned. “What? Do you know the inside story?”
 The White Crane replied, “It’s about supporting the Heavenly Court.”
 Huang Zuntian frowned even harder.
 Were they about to enter the calamity?
 They were working for others!
 Huang Zuntian felt disdain for the Jie School and felt that it was becoming more and more cowardly.
 However, the Sect Master had ordered him to
 go.
 “Alright, I understand. I’ll go,” Huang Zuntian said.
 The White Crane immediately flapped its wings and left.
 Huang Zuntian fell into endless worry.
 He had heard that the calamity was becoming more and more tragic. Countless living beings died every day, and even many mighty figures who shook the Immortal World perished.
 No!
 If he entered the calamity rashly, even if he followed the Jie School, he would easily become cannon fodder!
 The Heavenly Court was the target of everyone!
 Huang Zuntian felt that he had to think of a way to at least increase his status.
 There were too many Island Masters. It wasn’t a problem for hundreds of them to die.
 However, if he wanted to increase his status, he could only rely on cultivation.
 After all, the Jie School was the orthodox lineage of the Dao Sect. It also emphasized impartiality and survival of the fittest.
 “Looks like I have to use that treasure.”
 Huang Zuntian’s eyes flickered as he thought to himself.
 Twenty years passed quickly.
 Han Jue had been cultivating in seclusion and even forgot to curse the enemy. He only woke up when the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus was completely purified.
 In the depths of his soul, in the stars, the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus had already turned purple. It looked very similar to his soul, as if it was carved from crystal. The Primordial Judgment Sword did not change forms, but it had become stronger. Han Jue discovered that the two treasures seemed to be fused together like a twin Dharma treasure.
 He immediately tried to make the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus recognize him as its master.
 I knew it!
 After purification, it became very easy to make it recognize him as its master.
 Seven days later.
 The 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus successfully acknowledged him as its master.
 (Detected that this is your first time obtaining a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure. You have the following choices:]
 (1: Immediately ascend and participate in the calamity to seize providence. You can obtain a Mystical Power inheritance, a Great Dao Fragment, and a chance to upgrade the system.]
 [2: Continue cultivating and stay away from the Immeasurable Calamity. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment.]
 Han Jue chose the second option without hesitation.
 He checked the information of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 (36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus: Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure. After being purified by the nebulous Primordial Qi, it is even stronger. Its defense can be said to be top-notch below the Heavenly Dao. It can also increase cultivation speed.]
 So impressive?
 Han Jue immediately took out the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus and placed it on the bed. Sitting on the lotus throne and starting to absorb Qi, he discovered that his cultivation speed had indeed increased greatly. Not only that, but even his body’s negative karma absorption speed had also increased.
 What a treasure!
 Han Jue placed the meditation cushion on the table. He should give it to Fairy Xi Xuan.
 Immediately, Han Jue entered the simulation trial and wanted to test the power of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 First choice, Heavenly Emperor!
 After five minutes, he opened his eyes.
 He was pleasantly surprised. Even the Heavenly Emperor couldn’t break through the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus’s defense. However, Han Jue was too weak and was killed in the aftermath.
 But that was enough!
 This thing could save his life!
 As expected of a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure!
 Han Jue continued the simulation trial.
 Apart from Ancestor Xitian and the big shots in the first row, no one could break through the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus’s defense. Even the big shots in the first row would take a long time to break through.
 As for Ancestor Xitian… With a wave of his hand, he insta-killed Han Jue and the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 He couldn’t win, he couldn’t win!
 In short, Han Jue was still very happy.
 With this Supreme Treasure, his strength could be considered to have increased greatly. In a good mood, he took out the Book of Misfortune and prepared to celebrate.
 None of them could escape!
 Han Jue decided to take out two billion years each.
 This was a huge surprise for them!
 First was the Heavenly Dao Buddha!
 Under the dusk, in a huge valley, a faint Buddhist light emitted from the darkness.
 The Heavenly Dao Buddha sat on the ground as a circle of light surrounded him.
 He suddenly frowned.
 “Damn Dark Forbidden Lord, you’re messing with me again!” Heavenly Dao Buddha was furious, but he had to endure it. He had already lost his mind. It wasn’t easy for him to stabilize his inner demon. He didn’t want to lose control again.
 Ever since Zu Tu appeared, he did not dare to act recklessly.
 The Heavenly Emperor and the Demon Emperor couldn’t kill him, but Zu Tu could!
 The publicly acknowledged strongest person in the Immortal World!
 It was precisely because of him that the Divine Palace could rise. No one dared to kill it in its cradle.

