 If he couldn’t find him, he would still suffer in the future.
 He couldn’t understand. He had clearly left the Buddhist Sect. Why was he still cursing him?
 What grudge did the Dark Forbidden Lord have with him?
 Was there a need to fight to the death?
 The Heavenly Dao Buddha just did not understand karma. Of course, if he encountered the Dark Forbidden Lord, who was weaker than him, he would definitely kill him!
 In the next few days, the curse power became stronger.
 The Heavenly Dao Buddha did not last long.
 Finally.
 He had gone mad again!
 The mental demon haunted him. Killing intent against the Dark Forbidden Lord occupied his mind.
 He wanted to release this killing intent!
 (Your enemy Heavenly Dao Buddha has lost his mind because of your curse.)
 Seeing this email, Han Jue didn’t stop. He had to deduct 2 billion years of his lifespan before he could stop.
 He wasn’t afraid of cursing the Heavenly Dao Buddha to death.
 Six-star Hatred Points was too eye-catching. If he didn’t kill this fellow, Han Jue would never be at ease.
 When his lifespan was deducted by 2 billion years, Han Jue immediately stopped.
 Perfect timing!
 Han Jue suddenly realized that he didn’t seem to be bleeding
 It seemed that the recent transformation of the Stellar Primordial Body was indeed effective.
 He recuperated his aura and continued cursing the Demon Emperor after resting for a few days.
 He also invested two billion years, but nothing happened to the other party.
 Nothing happened when he cursed Zu Tu, either.
 Han Jue was a little depressed.
 Could it be that these big shots had found a way to deal with the curse?
 It seemed that he had to find a chance to upgrade the Book of Misfortune.
 If he wanted to upgrade it, he had to keep grinding the system’s choice missions.
 Han Jue could only keep breaking through. He wouldn’t go out and find trouble.
 Divine Palace, in a quiet palace.
 Zu Tu suddenly opened his eyes and frowned.
 “It seems that the Dark Forbidden Lord is not simple.”
 Facing the curse of the Dark Forbidden Lord, he was the same as the other mighty figures. He could only deduce the Book of Misfortune and did not know its owner’s appearance. Zu Tu had no choice but to stop underestimating him.
 The Dark Forbidden Lord was indeed impressive!
 Since he had already offended the other party, Zu Tu decided to confirm his identity!
 “Hmph, since you only dare to hide in the dark, don’t even think about coming out!”
 The corners of his mouth curled up.
 The current curse couldn’t affect him!
 After spending 6 billion years cursing, Han Jue continued cultivating.
 It looked like he was squandering, but in fact, Han Jue didn’t even spend a considerable amount of his lifespan.
 Sigh.
 Han Jue felt that this was not a good thing.
 This would make him lose respect for his lifespan.
 Indeed.
 Gambling would never end well!
 No matter what he gambled, it wouldn’t end well!
 Han Jue sighed in his heart. After the calamity ended, he would no longer curse people with his lifespan.
 That was unless the other party did not want to live!
 Time passed.
 The myriad worlds in the universe were all in a calamity. Other than the Reroll World, almost all the worlds stirred up a world-destroying war.
 Negative karma overflowed from the myriad worlds and began to spread in the void as if darkness was devouring the myriad worlds!
 Forty years passed quickly.
 Han Jue’s cultivation had already reached the limit and couldn’t increase anymore, but he couldn’t find a way to break through to the Deity Realm for the time being.
 What was the Deity Realm?
 Han Jue was in a dilemma.
 If he had known, he would have asked in the Great Ultimate Hall.
 He had no choice but to take out the Heavenly Dao Token and ask the Heavenly Emperor how to break through to the Deity Realm.
 “What? You’re about to break through to the Deity Realm?”
 Shocked, the Heavenly Emperor couldn’t remain calm.
 Han Jue said helplessly, “I’m just asking.”
 He knew that this was not trustworthy, but he could only ask the Heavenly Emperor.
 The Heavenly Emperor was silent for a long time.
 Han Jue even thought that he had hung up, but then he replied, “The breakthrough of the Deity Realm depends on the improvement of the soul. After reaching the Deity Realm, the body is no longer important. Even if the body is destroyed, you can recover with a thought.
 “As for how to nurture the soul, you need the Great Dao. By using the Great Dao to nourish the soul and reach the point of fusion, you can reach the Deity Realm. However, the Great Dao grasped by the Deity Realm is only a derivation. Just like the Heavenly Dao of the Immortal World and the Heavenly Dao of the mortal world, there are differences. It’s said that Sages can truly grasp a Great Dao. No cultivator who cultivates this particular Dao can disobey the Sage.”
 Han Jue was secretly shocked. Were Sages so ridiculous?
 Wait!
 Could it be that Ancestor Xitian wanted to control these listeners by preaching the Great Dao?
 How terrifying! He couldn’t cultivate the Great Dao of Karma in the future!
 Han Jue said, “Thank you, Your Majesty. Although I’m still far from the Deity Realm, I won’t forget your kindness when I reach it.”
 The Heavenly Emperor said meaningfully, “I hope so. I actually don’t expect you to come out and help the Heavenly Court now. I hope that after this calamity is over, you will serve the Heavenly Court. At that time, you will definitely be as powerful as Li Daokong and Li Xuan’ao. You don’t have to worry about being harmed because you are already strong enough. I hope that you can become the pillar of the Heavenly Court, like the Four Extreme Emperors.”
 “Of course. If I’m strong, I’ll definitely ensure peace in the Heavenly Court!”
 Han Jue promised seriously.
 The Heavenly Emperor smiled and severed his divine sense connection.
 Han Jue looked at the Great Dao of Life and Death in his body.
 The Great Dao of Karma was too dangerous, he definitely could not cultivate it. But the Great Dao of Life and Death was fine.
 He had obtained the Great Dao of Life and Death a long time ago. Han Jue had relied on it to reach the Emperor Realm. In his opinion, there shouldn’t be any Sages who had grasped the Great Dao of Life and Death. Otherwise, what was the point of continuing?
 That fellow could directly decide the life and death of all living beings!
 Han Jue took out the Great Dao of Life and Death and wrapped it around his soul.
 Enveloped by the Great Dao of Life and Death, his soul felt warm one moment and cold the next.
 Could this be the legendary ice and fire…
 Han Jue’s thoughts drifted away and stopped in time as he continued to let the Great Dao of Life and Death nourish his soul. After three years, he finally discovered a change.
 His soul was fusing with the Great Dao of Life and Death!
 This fusion was not as simple as it seemed.
 Han Jue showed his excitement.
 He had finally found a way to break through!
 Although this process was a little slow, he could wait!
 Dao Comprehension Sword returned to the cave abode and saw that Han Jue was surrounded by black and white Qi. She was already used to it. She came in front of him and called out softly, “Master.”
 Han Jue didn’t even open his eyes as he asked, “What is it?”
 “There’s something wrong with Chu Shiren.”
 “What?”
 Han Jue opened his eyes. What happened to this kid?
 He spread his divine sense and saw Chu Shiren cultivating under the Fusang Tree. However, Buddhist light emitted from his body, making him look extremely solemn.
 The others discussed.
 “He’s a reincarnated person from the Buddhist Sect?”
 “Xun Chang’an, do you know him?” “I don’t know, but I feel like I’ve seen him somewhere.”
 “Let’s make a guess, what identity did Chu Shiren have in the Buddhist Sect in his previous life?”
 “Probably an Arhat.”
 “Can an Arhat have such talent? He’s at least a Buddha!”
 The disciples were very excited. Not one of them was afraid. Awakening the memories of their previous life would not devour the memories of this life. They were just fusing them.
 Murong Qi, Xun Chang’an, and Su Qi had all awakened the memories of their previous lives, but they had not abandoned the Hidden Sect.

