 He sensed that a powerful force was awakening in Chu Shiren’s essence soul.
 It seemed that the Supreme Buddha was really about to awaken.
 That made sense. Chu Shiren had been cultivating diligently all these years, and his cultivation level had increased. It was time to awaken his memories of his previous life.
 Han Jue was very curious. Would the Supreme Buddha continue to persuade others not to cultivate?
 He had already broken this rule himself!
 Han Jue stopped thinking and continued cultivating
 He wanted to reach the Deity Realm as soon as possible.
 A year later.
 Chu Shiren was completely awakened.
 He revealed the Buddhist appearance of the Supreme Buddha and had a solemn divine might. The disciples widened their eyes.
 Xun Chang’an seemed to recall something. With a thump, he knelt on the ground. He said with a trembling voice, “Buddha…”
 Buddha!
 Everyone was shocked. Especially Chu Shiren’s disciple Zhou Mingyue, his vision darkened.
 Oh no!
 He would be bullied by his master in the future and would never be able to make a comeback!
 Lu Huaxu was also shocked. There were also legends of Buddhas in the mortal world. He never expected his master to be a Buddha!
 Diamond Rage shouted angrily, “Supreme Buddha? Didn’t he disappear? Why…”
 He suddenly felt greater reverence for Han Jue.
 Even the Buddha could be subdued?
 Chu Shiren was expressionless. “The karma of my previous life has already become a thing of the past. In this life, we will talk about our seniority here.”
 Xun Chang’an heaved a sigh of relief.
 Chu Shiren slowly stood up and looked at the Connate Cave Abode.
 He frowned slightly.
 The other disciples became nervous. This was a Buddha, after all.
 If he attacked Han Jue, it would definitely be a fierce battle!
 Chu Shiren suddenly bowed to the Connate Cave Abode and walked to the edge of the cliff to sit down and continue cultivating.
 Everyone looked at each other and did not dare to disturb Chu Shiren.
 The Black Hell Chicken came behind him and shouted, “Brat! You’re actually a Buddha! You even said that it’s better not to cultivate. If you don’t cultivate, how can you be the Buddha? You’re so despicable!”
 The Black Hell Demon Lord hesitated.
 Chu Shiren rolled his eyes and said angrily, “I was wrong in the past. Is there a problem?” Xun Chang’an was dumbfounded, suspecting that he had heard wrong.
 The Supreme Buddha, who had been constantly persuading the other three Buddhas, actually admitted that his previous ideals were wrong?
 Impossible!
 Xun Chang’an immediately thought of something
 Could it be that Han Jue had done something to Chu Shiren?
 That was very likely!
 Chu Shiren shouldn’t have completely awakened the memories of the Supreme Buddha. Otherwise, this wouldn’t have happened!
 Han Jue’s image in Xun Chang’an’s heart became even more mysterious.
 Although he had been cultivating on the island all these years, he felt that Han Jue was getting further and further away from them.
 This feeling stimulated him to cultivate diligently.
 “Hmph, cultivate well. Since you’re the Buddha, quickly recover your cultivation from your previous life. The Hidden Sect still needs to rely on you disciples. We can’t always let my big brother and the Old Magus help us!” The Black Hell Chicken snorted, acting like he was the master of the Hidden Sect.
 Diamond Rage was furious. “How many times have I told you? Don’t call me Old Magus!”
 With the Black Hell Chicken’s posturing, the atmosphere eased. The others also went up to talk to Chu Shiren.
 Chu Shiren did not ignore them, either. He answered whatever was asked.
 As the communication increased, the former Chu Shiren seemed to have returned.
 Ten years later.
 Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and cursed the enemy. His soul was still being nourished by the Great Dao of Life and Death. He didn’t need to watch this process carefully.
 He estimated that in at most fifty years, the Great Dao of Life and Death and his soul would completely fuse! At that time, he would step into the Deity Realm!
 Han Jue cursed as he checked his emails regularly. (Your Dao Companion Xuan Qingjun has joined the Darkness Sect. Her providence has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by demons] x310032
 [Your grand-disciple Fang Liang was attacked by a Demon Saint. His cultivation has increased.] (Your good friend Divine General has obtained an ancient inheritance. His providence has increased greatly.]
 [Because of your curse, the Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit of your enemy Demon Emperor cracked.]
 (Your good friend Li Daokong has stepped into the Heavenly Dao and severed his karma.]
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian has fused with the blood of the Ancient Qilin. His bloodline has transformed and his cultivation has increased greatly.]
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows.
 Why did Xuan Qingjun join the Darkness Sect? His wife had submitted to the enemy?
 Han Jue was a little unhappy, but he couldn’t control the Immortal World.
 No, the Darkness Sect had to be punished!
 Han Jue still remembered that the leader of the Darkness Sect was Xue Minghe who escaped from the Nine Nether Purgatory.
 He noticed that Li Daokong had stepped into the Heavenly Dao and severed his karma.
 This was too ridiculous.
 As expected of a mighty figure who wanted to take him in as a disciple!
 No wonder he dared to be so reckless before. After wandering for so long, he severed the karma and started from the beginning?
 It was unknown if he had severed his karma with the Human School.
 If Han Jue was Li Daokong, he would definitely do it. Otherwise, Li Xuan’ao would become his weakness.
 In Han Jue’s opinion, Li Xuan’ao was far inferior to Li Daokong. Li Xuan’ao had been severely injured various times before, but not Li Daokong.
 As for Huang Zuntian, why was he becoming more and more powerful?
 Han Jue only wanted to give it a try at first. He didn’t expect this fellow to still be stubborn and become stronger.
 Will he become the Sect Master of the Jie School the next time we meet?
 Han Jue wasn’t afraid that he would betray him. There was a Six Paths Insignia in the depths of Huang Zuntian’s soul.
 The Six Paths Insignia became stronger with Han Jue. Unless Huang Zuntian directly surpassed him, he could forget about betraying him.
 Han Jue continued to read the emails. Many people had obtained opportunities.
 Unfortunately, you still can’t compare to me.
 Han Jue often paid attention to his friends in interpersonal relationships. No one cultivated faster than him.
 Although he was proud, he was not arrogant.
 There was no point in comparing speed. Cultivation was the most important!
 A month later.
 Han Jue put down the Book of Misfortune and asked in his heart, “I want to know who is cursing the Heavenly Emperor.”
 (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue!
 Han Jue closed his eyes.
 Several breaths later, he opened his eyes.
 Damn it!
 It was Zu Tu again!
 What happened?
 He was so strong, yet he still cursed others?
 Trying to pretend to be me?
 Han Jue was annoyed. He couldn’t allow Zu Tu to hurt his Heavenly Emperor.
 “Your Majesty, for you, I’ve decided to risk it!” Han Jue thought to himself.
 He picked up the Book of Misfortune and continued cursing.
 This time, he had to curse Zu Tu until something happened!
 After cursing for five days, Han Jue’s lifespan began to decrease.
 He kept staring at his attributes panel. His lifespan decreased faster and faster as he increased the intensity of the curse.
 A hundred million years!
 A billion years! Two billion years!
 Five billion years!
 Han Jue stopped. His face was already covered in blood. He asked the system, “Did something happen to Zu Tu?”
 He had no interpersonal relationship with Zu Tu, so he couldn’t see information about him in the emails. (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] “No!”
 Han Jue didn’t care anymore. He tried his best, anyway. He would find a chance to tell the Heavenly Emperor about Zu Tu cursing him.
 Divine Palace.
 Boom!
 A palace shook violently. The guards outside looked at each other. They were extremely nervous, but they did not dare to barge in.
 In the hall, Zu Tu’s expression darkened. “Damn Dark Forbidden Lord. He cursed me every ten years. This time, he used even more strength!” Zu Tu panicked.
 Would the Darkness Forbidden Lord’s curse become stronger next time?
 Although he was fine now, if this was not the Dark Forbidden Lord’s limit…

