 Han Jue’s soul finally fused with the Great Dao of Life and Death. He was about to welcome the opportunity to break through.
 He chased Dao Comprehension Sword out, and she left the cave abode with an understanding expression.
 Han Jue took a deep breath.
 Deity Realm!
 Here I come!
 Han Jue was very excited. It was almost at the level when he first reached the Immortal Realm.
 He began to comprehend the Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao. This cultivation technique was a Great Dao cultivation technique. He could only comprehend different realms as his cultivation level increased.
 Now, he wanted the method to break through to the Deity Realm!
 Han Jue’s soul flew out from his head. His soul was bright, and purple light shone in the cave.
 The breakthrough began!
 As Han Jue comprehended the Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao, all sorts of true meanings regarding the Deity Realm surged into his mind.
 Deity Realm!
 Above all living beings.
 The Deity Realm was not divided into nine ranks like the Emperor Realm, but One to Six Mystic.
 One Mystic Divine Origin!
 Two Mystic Divine Origin! Until Six Mystic Divine Origin.
 When the Six Mystics gathered, he would become Zenith Heaven!
 Heavenly Court, Numinous Palace, gathering of gods.
 The Heavenly Emperor sat on the Emperor’s throne. In the front row of the hall stood Li Daokong, Li Xuan’ao, the Divine General, the Martial God General, the Heavenly Duke of the Jie School, and the mighty figures of the Chan School.
 The Divine General smiled and said, “Your Majesty, another War God has come to challenge the Heavenly God General. He hasn’t been defeated after more than ten thousand times. He’s not far from becoming the Heavenly Dao War God, right?”
 The other immortals smiled.
 Ever since the Heavenly God General announced to the world that he wanted to fight for the War God title at the Heavenly Gate, many years had passed. He had always been fighting and had never lost. It was precisely because of him that the prestige of the Heavenly Court had soared. This was also one of the important reasons why the Dao Sect supported them.
 non
 1
 The Heavenly Emperor smiled and said, “The Heavenly God General is working so hard. You can’t relax. Next, you should attack the Demon Court. As long as the Demon Court doesn’t appear, there will be endless trouble in the Heavenly Court. Now, the Demon Court has already become the greatest force wreaking havoc in the Immortal World. Destroying them will increase the Heavenly Court’s providence.”
 The immortals agreed one after another, their faces filled with confidence.
 The current Heavenly Court was really different. After obtaining the support of the Dao Sect, they were the strongest force in the Immortal World!
 Jing Tiangong suddenly asked, “Your Majesty, the Divine Palace’s Zu Tu is the Dark Forbidden Lord now. Do you think that’s true?”
 The Heavenly Emperor said calmly, “With Zu Tu’s cultivation level, why would he be the Dark Forbidden Lord? Why would he choose to expose his identity now? It’s obvious that he only wants to rope in the believers of the Dark Forbidden Lord. If you were Zu Tu, what reason would you have to be the Dark Forbidden Lord?”
 Jing Tiangong nodded. He didn’t believe it, either.
 He had interacted with Zu Tu in the past. This person was extremely arrogant. He could have directly attacked the Demon Emperor and the Heavenly Dao Buddha, so why did he have to do this?
 He had never heard of Zu Tu being good at curses, either!
 How could Zu Tu be the Dark Forbidden Lord he worshiped?
 In his eyes, the Dark Forbidden Lord was mysterious and powerful. He was filled with wisdom and strategies. He didn’t want fame, only benefits.
 Such a mighty figure was what he pursued!
 Li Daokong suddenly said, “Your Majesty, I’m willing to challenge Zu Tu to a battle.” The Heavenly Emperor glanced at him and shook his head. “You’re still young. Zu Tu’s strength is not something you can imagine.”
 Li Daokong smiled and said, “Is that so? Then, I want to fight him even more now!”
 Beside him, Li Xuan’ao said in a strange tone, “My good Senior Brother, don’t die and implicate me.” “I doubt it.”
 “Hehe, you’re really confident.”
 “It’s not confidence. It’s the truth.”
 “Hmph.”
 The immortals were already used to seeing the two of them bickering.
 At that moment, a Heavenly Soldier suddenly flew into the hall.
 “Report-A large number of vengeful spirits have appeared outside the South-Heaven Gate. The Divine Palace is attacking!”
 Whoosh
 The immortals were in an uproar. They were still discussing how to deal with the Demon Court, and now the Divine Palace attacked.
 Dao Sovereign’s expression was unnatural. He loved and hated the Divine Palace.
 Li Daokong laughed. “Perfect timing!”
 With that, he disappeared.
 Li Xuan’ao hurriedly followed.
 …
 After seventeen years, Han Jue finally broke through.
 One Mystic Divine Origin!
 Han Jue’s soul sublimated and his divine sense swept out. Fortunately, he remembered that the Primordial Yuan Phoenix was still in the Nine Nether Purgatory, so he retracted his divine sense.
 The Dharmic powers in his body had also undergone a qualitative transformation.
 This was a higher-level Dharmic power, also known as Divine Origin.
 Origin was the source of all things. Divine was high and mighty.
 Divine Origin Dharmic powers!
 Han Jue felt the transformation brought by the Deity Realm and was immersed in it.
 He felt as if he had been reborn. Compared to before, he was like an immortal.
 What a wonderful feeling! It was as if he could control everything. His divine sense could even sense the omnipresent space and time.
 He was omnipotent!
 When Han Jue woke up from this wonderful feeling, he opened his eyes and opened his attributes panel to see his current lifespan.
 [Name: Han Jue]
 (Race: Primordial Fiendcelestial]
 (Cultivation: One Mystic Divine Origin]
 [Technique: Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao, Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering]
 (Great Dao: Great Dao of Life and Death, Great Dao of Karma]
 9.9 quadrillion years of lifespan! It was about to break through the horizon!
 Not only that, but his race had also changed.
 Primordial Fiendcelestial?
 Interesting!
 Han Jue was overjoyed.
 What a long lifespan! It was almost eternal life!
 Han Jue suppressed his surprise and continued to consolidate his cultivation.
 Two years later.
 Three lines of words suddenly appeared in front of him.
 [Detected that you have reached the Deity Realm and have transformed into a Primordial Fiendcelestial. You have the following choices:]
 [1: Exit seclusion immediately and fight for the providence of the Immeasurable Calamity. You can obtain a Mystical Power inheritance and a Great Dao Fragment.]
 [2: Stay true to your heart and continue cultivating. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a chance to upgrade the system.]
 This dog system finally stopped tempting him to go out!
 Han Jue happily chose the second option.
 (System upgrade]
 Just slowly level up!
 Han Jue closed his eyes and started to comprehend the Sword Dao Mystical Powers, preparing to raise his strength to the limit.
 On that day.
 He directly jumped into the Sword Dao River and began to step forward.
 Zhang Guxing guarded the Sword Dao River. When he saw Han Jue appear, he couldn’t help but smile. “You…”
 Wait!
 Zhang Guxing widened his eyes.
 Han Jue’s consciousness formed a purple figure that emitted a terrifying and oppressive aura that made him shiver.
 This aura…
 Only the Divine Palace’s Divine Emperor had it!
 Could it be that this kid had stepped into the Deity Realm?
 Impossible!
 How many years had it been?
 Zhang Guxing was so shocked that his jaw almost fell off. He could be said to have watched Han Jue grow up.
 He had stepped into the Deity Realm from a mortal in a little more than four thousand years?
 Is this kid the reincarnation of a mighty figure? Did he want to train in the mortal world?
 Han Jue focused on breaking through.
 He continued forward, and soon, there were no other figures around.
 Finally, he saw the mysterious figure again, as if it was standing at the end of the Sword Dao, waiting for him.
 Han Jue had already guessed this fellow’s identity.
 It looked very close, but Han Jue took more than ten thousand steps before arriving in front of him.
 The mysterious figure turned around and looked at him. He smiled and said, “It’s really you. I didn’t see wrongly.”
 The mysterious figure was Li Daokong!

