 Li Daokong smiled and asked, “Do you want to surpass me?”
 “I want to, but I don’t have the ability.”
 “If you want to surpass me, you need to take a strike from me. Take it. I’ll give you this position. If you can’t, go back and train more.”
 “Come!” Han Jue said seriously. He knew that Li Daokong wasn’t making things difficult for him.
 At this point, his Mystical Powers had already reached the Deity Realm. If he continued forward, he would probably reach the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 Li Daokong waved his hand, and a sword Qi flew towards Han Jue.
 This sword Qi was not spectacular, and its aura was average. However, it was extremely fast, so fast that Han Jue didn’t even have time to react.
 Boom
 Han Jue’s consciousness spun and returned to his body.
 He suddenly opened his eyes.
 He couldn’t even block a single strike?
 Ridiculous!
 Although Han Jue didn’t exert his full strength in the Sword Dao River, it could still show the difference between the two.
 Of course, if they really fought, Li Daokong wouldn’t even be able to break through the defense of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 Han Jue perked up and continued to strengthen his other Sword Dao Mystical Powers.
 The copy of Li Daokong in the Sword Dao River seemed to be the remnant of his will, not his true body.
 Half a year later.
 Han Jue raised his strength to the limit and began the simulation trial.
 He would beat Li Xuan’ao first. Back at the Great Ultimate Hall, Li Xuan’ao was also there and Han Jue copied his data.
 Li Xuan’ao couldn’t break through the defense of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus at all. Although Han Jue’s cultivation was inferior, he could still fight evenly using the Supreme Treasure.
 It was worth mentioning that Li Xuan’ao’s cultivation was Six Mystic Divine Origin.
 He wondered when this fellow would reach the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 Han Jue always remembered that he had dug out the Chaotic Heavenly Dog’s eyes. He had to take revenge.
 Three days later, Han Jue ended the simulation trial.
 He couldn’t defeat a Zenith Heaven existence for the time being. However, with the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus, he would not be insta-killed.
 Most of the people in the Deity Realm were not his match. Without being able to break through the defense of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus, Han Jue could find an opportunity to win. A small number of Six Mystic Divine Origin cultivators could make Han Jue unable to move no matter how he fought.
 Overall, Han Jue was still very satisfied.
 Even if he had just entered the Deity Realm, he was not at the bottom.
 It had to be said that the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus was really strong. No wonder Immortal Emperor Samsara wanted to obtain this item. However, the negative karma contained in this treasure was really terrifying. If not for the Stellar Primordial Body, this treasure would instead be a serious burden to Han Jue.
 Daoist Yuzhi was like this before, so he followed Han Jue’s act and threw this treasure away.
 “Since I’ve broken through, shouldn’t I celebrate?” Han Jue thought silently.
 He cursed Zu Tu first. This fellow had been cursing the Heavenly Emperor. It was obvious that he was pretending to be him.
 Unforgivable!
 Moreover, Han Jue deduced that the future Zu Tu would slaughter all living beings. Killing this fellow was to benefit all living beings!
 Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and cursed while thinking about how much lifespan he had to offer.
 Ten billion years?
 He felt that ten billion years might not be enough to cause a problem with Zu Tu. Forget it, I’ll just treat it as splurging for a celebration.
 Above the Nine Heavens, two terrifying figures were fighting. They were Zu Tu and Li Daokong.
 Li Daokong held a sword. Every strike could produce billions of sword Qi that filled the nine heavens. Zu Tu used both hands to cast various Mystical Powers.
 Terrifying pressure filled the sky. No one dared to step foot here.
 Zu Tu raised his right hand. Countless bolts of lightning gathered in his palm and quickly condensed into a huge and majestic five-clawed lightning dragon that roared sinisterly.
 At this moment…
 Zu Tu frowned and cursed, “Damn it, why are you cursing me at this juncture?”
 He hated the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 Li Daokong didn’t know what had happened to Zu Tu. Identical figures appeared around him, each brandishing a different sword technique. More and more sword shadows rushed towards Zu Tu. In the blink of an eye, Li Daokong’s figures filled the sky.
 Suddenly!
 Li Daokong’s sword shadows turned to face Zu Tu. Sword light burst forth, illuminating the world.
 In the Nine Nether Purgatory.
 Hidden Sect Island.
 The disciples who were cultivating looked up.
 “Why is there light?” Murong Qi asked in surprise.
 After coming to the Nine Nether Purgatory for so long, this was the first time they saw light.
 Li Yao frowned. “That’s sword light.”
 Sword light?
 Everyone was stunned.
 Diamond Rage had a complicated expression as he said, “In a battle between mighty figures, the sword light can penetrate to the Nine Nether Purgatory. Such a cultivation level is truly terrifying. He’s probably one of the strongest existences in the Immortal World.”
 The disciples of the Hidden Sect couldn’t help but be fascinated.
 What cultivation level was needed to illuminate the heavens?
 In the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue was still focused on cursing.
 Several days later.
 Han Jue’s lifespan started to decrease. He opened his attributes panel and stared at it carefully.
 A billion years!
 Three billion years!
 Five billion years!
 Ten billion years!
 Stop!
 Han Jue didn’t even bleed. The Deity Realm was indeed powerful.
 Although he didn’t know if Zu Tu was alright, Han Jue didn’t care. He felt good, anyway.
 Then, he cursed the Heavenly Dao Buddha. This fellow had already gone mad. It was best to curse him to death as soon as possible.
 Han Jue also decided to play with the Heavenly Dao Buddha using ten billion years.
 Five days later, Han Jue’s lifespan began to decrease.
 He cursed with all his might, causing his lifespan to decrease at an unprecedented rate.
 Three billion years!
 (Because of your curse, your enemy Heavenly Dao Buddha lost control of his demonic heart and his Dharmic powers.)
 Five billion years!
 Eight billion years!
 (Because of your curse, your enemy Heavenly Dao Buddha has manifested his demonic body and demonic soul, attracting the Heavenly Punishment.)
 Nine billion years!
 Ten billion years!
 Stop!
 Han Jue timed it accurately.
 “Dark Forbidden Lord, just you wait! I will definitely kill you!”
 “Ahhh,”
 The voice of Heavenly Dao Buddha suddenly exploded. Not only Han Jue, but everyone in Hidden Sect Island could hear it.
 Han Jue was stunned.
 An email appeared in front of him:
 (Because of your curse, your enemy Heavenly Dao Buddha was killed by the Heavenly Dao. He died and his Dao dissipated. A remnant soul managed to escape.] Han Jue checked his interpersonal relationships. The portrait of the Heavenly Dao Buddha was gone.
 Was he dead?
 Still not completely dead?
 That remnant soul made him uneasy.
 At the same time.
 Golden rain descended from the myriad worlds. The Zenith Heaven perished, and the myriad worlds were filled with sorrow.
 Heavenly Court!
 Numinous Palace.
 The Heavenly Emperor looked at the golden rain outside the hall, his expression changing.
 “Who is the Dark Forbidden Lord? Zu Tu is still fighting Li Daokong. It’s definitely not him. He can actually curse the Heavenly Dao Buddha to death. Isn’t this…”
 A storm brewed in the Heavenly Emperor’s heart.
 He pinched his fingers to deduce, then a strange expression formed on his face.
 Eh?
 This fellow is actually the Devil Ancestor?
 No wonder it attracted the Heavenly Dao!
 The negative karma accumulated by the Devil Ancestor back then was too terrifying, causing him to be rejected by the Heavenly Dao the moment he entered it.
 Could it be that the curse of the Dark Forbidden Lord had caused the Heavenly Dao Buddha to be unable to hide his true body?
 The Heavenly Emperor was uneasy. Today, it was the Heavenly Dao Buddha. Would it be him next time?
 Although he wasn’t from the Devil Race and the Heavenly Dao would not target him, he didn’t want to be cursed by the Dark Forbidden Lord.

