 The Heavenly Emperor spoke slowly as if he was talking about a very ordinary matter.
 Han Jue was even more depressed.
 Are you bragging?
 The Heavenly Emperor changed the topic and said, “However, this matter is related to the Dark Forbidden Lord. The fact that the Dark Forbidden Lord could drive a Zenith Heaven mad and even force him to death is truly not simple. The Demon Emperor was frightened and said that he was willing to invite the Dark Forbidden Lord to enter the Demon Court and enjoy equal status with him. He will be treated just like the Demon Emperor.”
 Han Jue was stunned.
 What was the Demon Emperor doing?
 Trick a dog in before killing it?
 An ambush?
 Han Jue felt that the Demon Emperor had to be taught a lesson.
 As long as the Demon Emperor’s hatred for him did not decrease, he would always have the intention to kill him.
 Han Jue asked, “How’s the situation in the Heavenly Court? You aren’t targeted by the Dark Forbidden Lord, right?”
 “He will curse me occasionally, but overall, the Heavenly Court is temporarily unaffected by the Dark Forbidden Lord. Next, the Heavenly Court will start a war with the Demon Court. The calamity has already begun for a period of time. It’s time for true war.” The Heavenly Emperor smiled, his tone filled with confidence.
 Han Jue felt that he had gotten arrogant.
 He would probably fail.
 He didn’t dare to say it directly and could only wish the Heavenly Emperor success.
 The two of them did not chat for long before ending the conversation.
 He continued to cultivate.
 One Mystic Divine Origin was not enough. He was too far from the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 Han Jue’s goal was to reach the Zenith Heaven Realm as soon as possible.
 Even the Heavenly Dao Buddha had died easily, let alone a little Deity Realm cultivator like him.
 Cultivation was truly endless!
 Eight years later
 The system was finally upgraded!
 (The Dao Field has been upgraded. The array formation has been upgraded to the Zenith Heaven Realm. It has expanded the internal space of the Dao Field.)
 (Dao Field Immortal Qi has increased by ten times. Connate Qi has increased by five times.)
 (The Dao Field can block the prying of a Sage’s divine sense.]
 [The system has added a new guard function. It can completely replicate a Zenith Heaven expert in the simulation trial as a guard. He will listen to you. The guard cannot leave the Dao Field for more than an hour. Otherwise, it will directly disappear.)
 Han Jue was stunned after reading the four lines of notifications.
 An unprecedented sense of security surged into his heart.
 The array formation of the Zenith Heaven Realm meant that no enemy below the Zenith Heaven Realm could barge in!
 Previously, it had blocked the prying of the Pseudo-Sage, but now, it directly blocked the Sage!
 This time, Han Jue could hide completely!
 The most explosive thing was the defense function!
 He could directly duplicate a Zenith Heaven!
 He felt extremely safe.
 The more the system upgraded, the stronger it became.
 n
 No wonder there had been so many upgrades recently. It seemed that the system couldn’t help but want to upgrade.
 Han Jue closed his eyes and started to choose the Zenith Heaven.
 After some thought, he first chose Zu Tu.
 The number one in the Immeasurable Calamity!
 However, Han Jue was worried that he would surpass the Zenith Heaven.
 (Choice successful. Congratulations on obtaining the Dao Field’s first guard. Once the guard dies, he cannot be revived.]
 (It will take time for the guard to be copied. Please wait patiently.]
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 It was settled.
 However, the guard could only stay on the island. If he left for more than an hour, he would automatically be gone.
 In other words, this guard could only be a guard and not a fighter.
 He was arrogant.
 This time, as long as he stayed in the Dao Field, he would be invincible!
 At least below the Heavenly Dao!
 “Zu Tu is already the strongest in the calamity. A Pseudo-Sage shouldn’t enter the world, let alone a Sage.”
 Han Jue felt the dark clouds above his head lift and his body relaxed.
 Next, he just had to wait for the guard to appear.
 At the same time.
 The disciples of the Hidden Sect discovered that the Immortal Qi in the island was increasing again.
 The Black Hell Demon Lord clicked his tongue in wonder. “Why are the array formations in this island increasing from time to time? I clearly didn’t see the door move, nor did I see any more natural treasures.”
 The Black Hell Chicken smiled proudly. “Of course it’s a Mystical Power. Do you understand what a Mystical Power is? It can turn something useless into something magical! My master is very capable!” The Black Hell Demon Lord rolled his eyes.
 He could tell that Han Jue had a higher status in the Black Hell Chicken’s heart.
 If he broke up with him, the Black Hell Chicken would definitely choose Han Jue without hesitation.
 The others also began to discuss.
 At the edge of the cliff, Chu Shiren looked around and muttered, “Aura of creation… Could it be…”
 He seemed to have thought of something and his expression changed.
 He turned to look at the Connate Cave Abode with reverence in his eyes.
 After twenty years, the guard had yet to
 appear!
 Han Jue asked many times. After confirming that the system was still creating it, he was relieved.
 He was really afraid that the system would play tricks on him.
 Fortunately, he was hiding in the Nine Nether Purgatory. If a powerful enemy attacked during this period of time, it would be terrible.
 While waiting, Han Jue kept cultivating. After breaking through to the Deity Realm, Han Jue discovered that the speed at which the Stellar Primordial Body absorbed negative karma was more than a hundred times faster than before!
 This was normal. After reaching the Deity Realm, if his cultivation speed was still the same as the Emperor Realm, how could Han Jue survive?
 What made him glad was that the absorption speed of negative karma was still increasing.
 Be it the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus or the negative karma in the Nine Nether Purgatory, they were endless. This was Han Jue’s greatest opportunity. He didn’t have to go out and fight for luck.
 On this day.
 Han Jue had just finished cursing the enemy and had nothing to do. He started to use the simulation trial to relax.
 This time, he wanted to study the combat method of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 He believed that this treasure was not just defensive. It should have stronger uses.
 After fighting again and again, Han Jue suddenly discovered something.
 If he released the negative karma of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus in battle, endless negative karma would surge towards the enemy.
 Although Li Daokong, the Heavenly Emperor, the master of the Divine Palace, and the other mighty figures would not be devoured by negative karma, they would still be restrained.
 A noob like Li Xuan’ao was directly wrapped by negative karma and couldn’t move anymore. Han Jue attacked again, and, after attacking for a period of time, he was gone.
 “In that case, I can keep the negative karma in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus and use it as a trump card in the future.” Han Jue thought silently. Then, he no longer absorbed the negative karma in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus. Instead, he absorbed the negative karma outside the Hidden Sect Island. He used his divine sense to absorb it before transmitting it into his body and being digested by the Stellar Primordial Body.
 “However, this treasure can’t be used in the Immortal World. The Heavenly Dao Buddha was killed by the Heavenly Dao because of the Devil Ancestor’s negative karma.”
 Han Jue concluded. It seemed that he and the system had become much stronger, but it was only suitable for him to stay in the Nine Nether Purgatory.
 If he headed to the Immortal World, he still had to rely on his cultivation level to fight enemies.
 Once a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure like the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus was used, it would definitely attract the attention of the mighty figures and attract endless trouble.
 Fortunately, Han Jue was not interested in going out.
 He entered seclusion in peace and waited for the calamity to end.
 He wondered when the calamity would end. What realm could he reach before it ended?
 At this moment…
 Han Jue suddenly sensed that someone was using the Invocation Technique.
 His expression changed.
 Who the hell was summoning him?
 He had just decided not to go out when someone summoned him. Wasn’t this a slap in the face?

