 Should he go over?
 Only his disciples and Dao companions knew the Invocation Technique.
 It was rare to encounter one in a thousand years. They must have encountered great trouble.
 Han Jue didn’t hesitate for long before deciding to go. A black vortex appeared in front of him. Han Jue sat on the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus and flew in together. Without the Supreme Treasure, he felt uneasy.
 Even though he was already at the Deity Realm, he was still very cautious.
 Fang Liang, Ji Xianshen, and Han Ming gathered together.
 The three of them were trapped in a golden formation. Countless demons attacked from outside the formation. They attacked one after another, frantically attacking the golden formation, wanting to break through it.
 All sorts of terrifying roars resounded through the world. It was deafening.
 Ji Xianshen gritted his teeth and scolded, “Brat, can you call your Grandmaster or not! If you really can’t, I’ll use a forbidden technique!”
 Fang Liang gritted his teeth and said, “If you use a forbidden technique again, your soul will definitely be severely injured. There will be no chance of you reaching the Emperor Realm anymore. Besides, you might not be able to escape even if you use a forbidden technique.” He looked around and gritted his teeth.
 Han Ming stood behind the two of them, his expression changing.
 At this moment…
 A black vortex appeared above their heads. Immediately after, a purple light descended and the three of them were pleasantly surprised.
 Han Jue was really here!
 A figure appeared in the purple light. He sat on the lotus throne, and no one could see his true appearance or the lotus throne.
 Ji Xianshen shouted, “Brother Guan Yu, you’re finally here!”
 Han Jue was stunned. He almost forgot the name he made up long ago.
 He immediately checked the strongest person around him.
 The strongest was only at the Emperor Realm. Han Jue couldn’t even be bothered to remember his name, but it was someone from the Devil Race.
 Han Jue asked, “What happened?”
 Fang Liang said awkwardly, “This is the Demon Abyss. We were chased by the Demon Court and accidentally entered this place. Grandmaster, I’m sorry. I didn’t want to trouble you… but… there’s a blood relative of yours here…”
 Han Jue glanced at Han Ming.
 He could sense that Han Ming’s bloodline aura was close to him, but he was not too interested.
 Han Jue’s eyes narrowed. All the demons outside the golden formation dissipated like smoke.
 Ji Xianshen, Fang Liang, and Han Ming were stunned. They were all dumbfounded.
 Han Ming asked in surprise, “They retreated?”
 Fang Liang suddenly turned to look at Han Jue. “No, it’s Grandmaster’s divine sense!”
 Han Jue said meaningfully, “You know quite a lot. It seems that you had many opportunities before.”
 He didn’t forget that Fang Liang’s soul had transcended into the Primordial Era. Who knew how long this kid had stayed there.
 Ji Xianshen asked in shock, “They’re all dead? Then…”
 “Hurry up and leave.”
 Han Jue interrupted impatiently.
 With that, he prepared to escape back into the black vortex.
 “Wait! I’m…”
 Han Ming suddenly took a step forward.
 Han Jue stopped and said, “Oh, I almost forgot about you.”
 He waved his right hand and Han Ming turned into a bloody mist that splattered all over the ground. Two souls landed in his hand.
 Fang Liang and Ji Xianshen weren’t stupid. They immediately understood.
 “Why does this fellow have two souls?” Ji Xianshen frowned.
 Fang Liang was enlightened. “That fellow isn’t Grandmaster’s younger brother…”
 Han Jue took the two souls into his palm and left.
 “Remember, unless you know someone, don’t trust them.”
 Han Jue returned to the black vortex and returned to the Connate Cave Abode.
 The black vortex dissipated. Ji Xianshen and Fang Liang hurriedly left and vanished into the horizon in the blink of an eye.
 While escaping, Ji Xianshen couldn’t help but ask, “What realm is your Grandmaster at now?”
 en
 Fang Liang had a complicated expression as he said, “At least the Deity Realm. He’s even stronger than an Immortal Emperor…” “How is that possible… He came from the same mortal world as us and has never
 ascended.”
 “Perhaps my Grandmaster has an identity that we don’t know about.”
 “Oh? What identity?”
 “I already said that I don’t know. Are you a fool?”
 “Brat, you’re becoming more and more impudent. Have you forgotten how I took care of you in the past?”.
 “Times are different now. You might not be my match.”
 “What a joke. Other than dodging, can you defeat me?”
 After returning to the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue told Dao Comprehension Sword to go out. He opened his right hand and let out the two souls.
 One of them was Han Ming, and the identity of the other was unknown.
 Han Jue used the simulation trial to test his identity.
 [Zhou Ganzi: Rank Six Immortal Emperor, Connate Human Race]
 Han Jue looked at Zhou Ganzi and asked, “Why do you want to possess him?”
 Zhou Ganzi shivered and said with a trembling voice, “I’m injured. I wanted to stay in his body for the time being. I have no ill intentions…”
 Han Ming looked at Han Jue with a complicated expression. He was even a little excited.
 In the past, under Immortal Emperor Samsara, he had never been convinced by Han Jue. Only when he went out to train did he understand the dangers of the world.
 Han Jue’s appearance made him feel even more kinship.
 Most importantly, Han Jue immediately saw through Zhou Ganzi’s disguise, making him worship him.
 (Han Ming’s favorability towards you has increased. Current favorability: 6 stars]
 Han Jue ignored the notification and stared at Zhou Ganzi. “Do you really think I’ll believe you? I have ways to make you confess.”
 He threw him into the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 “Ahhh-I’ll talk! I’ll talk! I’m Immortal Emperor Samsara’s disciple!”
 Zhou Ganzi shouted in horror as if he had encountered the most terrifying torture in the world.
 Han Jue let him out.
 Han Ming stared curiously at the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus. What was hidden in it?
 Zhou Ganzi’s soul trembled as he shouted, “Immortal Emperor Samsara hoped to use your younger brother to find you, so I possessed Han Ming and tried to approach you. I was also forced. It was Immortal Emperor Samsara who forced me!”
 [Zhou Ganzi has developed hatred towards you. Current Hatred Points: 5 stars]
 Han Jue’s eyes narrowed, and Zhou Ganzi’s soul dispersed.
 He couldn’t be bothered to ask. All he needed to know was who was behind this.
 Han Jue looked at him.
 Han Ming lowered his head and didn’t dare to look at him.
 Everything in front of him told him that Han Jue’s strength far exceeded his imagination. He might even be as terrifying as Immortal Emperor Samsara. Otherwise, why would Immortal Emperor Samsara target Han Jue in such a roundabout manner?
 Han Jue hesitated.
 How should he deal with Han Ming?
 Should he kill him?
 However, Han Ming had no intention of harming him. Furthermore, they were blood-related in this life. It was too inhumane to kill him directly.
 Han Jue said calmly, “We’re actually not close at all. There’s no reason to talk about kinship. I was abandoned since I was young. To be frank, you were able to live until today because of me. Otherwise, Immortal Emperor Samsara wouldn’t have raised you at all.
 “I’ll give you two choices. One, directly reincarnate. Your relationship with me will cause you even more trouble in the future. Immortal Emperor Samsara will still target you. I can think of a way to make you reincarnate into a good family.
 “Two, cultivate on the island. However, you are not allowed to speak of our relationship. After the calamity ends, you will leave. From then on, we’ll have nothing to do with each other. Our brotherly relationship will cease. If you threaten me, I will kill you.”
 Hearing this, Han Ming suddenly raised his head and said in a low voice, “Then, I’ll reincarnate. I don’t want to fawn on you, either!”

