 Needless to say, this kid really looked a little similar to him.
 However, he was not as handsome as him.
 He had thought that Han Ming would choose to stay on Hidden Sect Island. He didn’t expect this kid to have such a backbone. He actually chose to reincarnate.
 In that case…
 I’ll fulfill your wish!
 Han Jue said, “Sure, but the reincarnation cycle has been chaotic recently. It’s not easy to reincarnate. Wait for a while.” With that, he placed Han Ming’s soul into his sleeve.
 From the beginning to the end, Han Ming’s favorability towards him did not decrease.
 It seemed that this fellow didn’t hate Han Jue. He was just not convinced.
 This made Han Jue think highly of him.
 Especially after Han Ming developed a favorable impression of him for no reason, he believed in this even more.
 It was a slap in the face. For some reason, Han Jue thought of Zhou Fan.
 After being saved by the elder brother of a mighty figure, he was mistaken to think that he wanted to reach out to the elder brother of a mighty figure and chose to reincarnate…
 F*ck!
 Why did this feel like the start of a fantasy protagonist?
 Han Jue didn’t want to be challenged by a protagonist in the future.
 Han Jue stopped thinking and took out the Heavenly Dao Token to contact the Heavenly Emperor.
 The Heavenly Emperor quickly connected to him.
 “What is it?”
 “The netherworld is in chaos. I want someone to be reincarnated. Does the Heavenly Court have a way?” “It’s not that there’s no way, but who is this person?”
 Han Jue didn’t hide anything and told him about his relationship with Han Ming, including the plot of Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 The Heavenly Emperor praised, “You aren’t tied down by some nonsense kinship. I didn’t misjudge you, after all.”
 In his opinion, the affection of mortals was not worth mentioning, let alone the brothers who had no feelings at all.
 “I’ll help you.”
 “Thank you. Oh… let him be born into a good family. I still admire his temperament.”
 “Hahaha, don’t worry. I know what to do. Actually, I don’t have to erase your relationship. As long as you hide it well, it’s good to have more allies on the path of cultivation. Perhaps, he can save your life in the future.”
 “I don’t want that day to come. That means that I’m not strong enough.” “Come on, why didn’t you think so when you asked me to save your life?” “Cough cough.”
 Han Jue coughed and didn’t feel awkward. He said shamelessly, “Your Majesty, by saving me, I’ll definitely save the future of the Heavenly Court.”
 The Heavenly Emperor snorted. “Alright, send that kid’s soul over.”
 “Using this token?”
 “Yes, you’re already at the Deity Realm. You can use your divine sense to protect his soul and send it over. Although the process will make him feel a little uncomfortable, aren’t you afraid of coming to the Immortal World?”
 “Thank you for your reminder, Your Majesty!”
 “You actually didn’t refute? Sure, I didn’t misjudge you.”
 Han Jue smiled and wrapped Han Ming’s soul with his divine sense, sending it into the Heavenly Dao Token.
 Soon, he felt a powerful force suck away Han Ming’s soul.
 For some reason, Han Jue felt inexplicably melancholic.
 He couldn’t help but recall Han Ming’s expression when he made his choice. Was I wrong?
 I didn’t do anything wrong!
 No one can disturb my Dao heart!
 Han Jue’s eyes were firm. Then, he said, “Your Majesty, try your best to give him a better reincarnation. It’s best if he doesn’t get abandoned again.”
 In other words, he didn’t want to send him to a powerful faction that was about to collapse.
 Although this situation was good, his fate would be rough.
 “I understand,” the Heavenly Emperor replied.
 Soon, their divine sense connection ended.
 Then, Han Jue closed his eyes and continued cultivating.
 This rescue made him feel the power of the Deity Realm. With a thought, all the enemies were reduced to ashes.
 The Immortal Emperor fled in fear, not even daring to shout.
 Under the resplendent galaxy, the Heavenly Emperor walked on a long ice crystal staircase. A soul shadow followed behind him. It was Han Ming.
 Han Ming was very nervous as he didn’t know where he was going.
 He couldn’t help but ask, “May I know who…”
 He asked very carefully because the Heavenly Emperor emitted a very strong pressure, making him feel as if he was facing Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 “Heavenly Emperor!” the Heavenly Emperor replied without looking back. Han Ming was stunned.
 The Heavenly Emperor!
 He was shocked.
 The Heavenly Emperor was personally leading him to reincarnation?
 Was Han Jue already on par with the Heavenly Emperor?
 Thinking of this, Han Ming felt even more complicated.
 He even regretted it a little. Should he have chosen to stay by Han Jue’s side? At least, it was a huge opportunity.
 But he quickly discarded this regret.
 “If he can become a mighty figure by himself, why can’t I? I can’t let him look down on me!”
 Han Ming’s eyes were firm.
 One day, he would be strong enough to appear in front of Han Jue as an equal.
 At that time, he would look directly at him!
 The two of them continued forward and quickly arrived at the end of the long ice crystal staircase. There was a huge lake ahead that was shimmering with light. The sea of stars reflected on the surface of the lake, looking dazzling and beautiful.
 The Heavenly Emperor turned around and said, “This is the River of Destiny. Jump in and you will reincarnate as a human again.”
 Han Ming came to the end and looked at the River of Destiny. He took a deep breath.
 He was about to jump down when the Heavenly Emperor suddenly said, “Ordinary reincarnations won’t start here, and I won’t lead them personally. You have to thank your brother. He did this for your own good. By severing the karma of the past, Immortal Emperor Samsara won’t be able to find you.” Han Ming frowned and hesitated.
 He had many questions to ask, but he did not know how to ask.
 He was afraid that he would appear timid now.
 The Heavenly Emperor continued, “I will think of a way to protect your memories. You will be born into a good family and will no longer be under the shadow of your brother. You will be a brand new person who can grow even stronger. Actually, blood ties are not important. If a person has feelings, even if the cycle of reincarnation changes, the bonds will still exist.
 “If you become stronger in the future, don’t forget to repay him. If not for your brother, I wouldn’t have brought you here personally.”
 Han Ming took a deep breath and bowed respectfully to the Heavenly Emperor.
 Then, he immediately jumped into the River of Destiny.
 The Heavenly Emperor waved his sleeve, and a dazzling light appeared on the surface of the lake.
 His eyes flickered as he muttered, “There’s a good show to watch now. I want to see what kind of commotion you will cause.”
 Ten years later.
 Han Jue ended his cultivation and started cursing the enemy while checking his emails. [Your good friend Li Daokong was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 [Your good friend Han Ming received the help of a mighty figure and entered the River of Destiny. He was reincarnated by the Heavenly Dao and his providence has transformed.]
 [Your good friend Huang Zuntian has received guidance from a mighty figure of the Jie School. His cultivation has increased greatly.)
 (Your good friend Jiang Yi has comprehended the Heavenly Dao True Meaning during his cultivation. His cultivation has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Dao Sovereign was attacked by the Devil Race] x42006
 (Your grand-disciple Chu Shiren has awakened the Mystical Power of his previous life and awakened the Supreme Treasure in the depths of his soul. His providence has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Empress Houtu created a mysterious race and obtained Heavenly Dao merit.]
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was chosen by a mysterious mighty figure. His fate has changed.)
 Eh?
 Heavenly Dao Reincarnation?
 It didn’t look simple!
 Han Jue noticed that Han Ming’s portrait was still there, which meant that his memories were still intact.
 The Heavenly Emperor didn’t erase the memories of his previous life?
 Han Jue continued reading. Many strange things had happened recently.

