 The Immeasurable Calamity was indeed something
 Han Jue checked his interpersonal relationships. Most of his friends’ cultivation levels were increasing.
 This included most of the immortals of the Heavenly Court.
 He couldn’t help but be curious. Didn’t the Heavenly Court experience many calamities?
 They should be very strong. Could it be that most of the immortals had died in the calamity?
 Han Jue looked at his immortal friends in the interpersonal relationships, and his eyes filled with pity.
 These people would all become cannon fodder!
 A month later.
 He continued to cultivate.
 The negative karma outside the island surged towards Hidden Sect Island, forming a huge vortex.
 What was worth mentioning was that the interior of Hidden Sect Island was already becoming larger and larger. There was an ocean around the island. It was the Yellow Spring Water that he had absorbed in the netherworld. As the Dao Field increased in size, it formed a vast sea that occupied an area larger than the Reroll World.
 The disciples of the Hidden Sect would occasionally test their Mystical Powers above the Yellow Spring. The Fusang Tree had already grown to tens of thousands of feet tall. It was truly a divine tree!
 The current Dao Field could be said to be a world of its own. Flowers even began to grow on the desolate land on the island. It was quite magical.
 Perhaps as Han Jue became stronger, the Dao Field would become a huge plane like the 33 Levels of Heaven. Han Jue was looking forward to it.
 Days passed.
 In the blink of an eye.
 Another ten years passed.
 Han Jue’s cultivation level increased again. However, the Deity Realm was vast. If he wanted to break through, he needed to accumulate for a long time.
 Han Jue didn’t have high goals, either.
 He just had to break through to the second level in a thousand years!
 This way, he had a chance to reach the Zenith Heaven Realm in ten thousand years. At that time, the Immeasurable Calamity might not be over yet.
 “Fellow Daoist, can we have a chat?”
 A cold voice suddenly resounded throughout Hidden Sect Island, startling everyone.
 Han Jue opened his eyes and checked the surrounding enemies.
 There were no enemies.
 Wait!
 Could it be…
 Han Jue seemed to have thought of something and stood up.
 “Master, was that voice calling you?” Dao Comprehension Sword asked curiously.
 She wouldn’t be so nervous anymore. From the other party’s words, he was clearly very afraid of Han Jue, so he was very polite.
 Han Jue hesitated for a moment and said, “Tell the others to cultivate in peace.”
 With that, he closed his eyes and spread his divine sense out, quickly rushing in the direction of the voice. Soon, he saw the Primordial Yuan Phoenix.
 It was this fellow who contacted Han Jue.
 Probably because of the negative karma vortex around Hidden Sect Island, the Primordial Yuan Phoenix was looking for him to seek help.
 In the darkness, the Primordial Yuan Phoenix was like the source of all evil. It was unfathomable and terrifying.
 Han Jue asked, “What’s the matter?”
 The Primordial Yuan Phoenix’s voice floated out, “I can see that you are absorbing negative karma. You’re truly impressive.”
 “You want me to help you?”
 “That’s right.”
 “What can I get? If I let you out, will you find trouble with me?”
 “There is no enmity between us. Why would I harm you? If you save me, I will owe you my life. If you are in danger in the future, I will definitely help you.”
 “Alright, but I’m still cultivating my Mystical Power and can’t come over to help you. Wait a little longer.”
 “How long do I have to wait?”
 “A hundred thousand years.”
 “Alright!”
 The Ancient Yuan Phoenix sounded pleasantly surprised.
 Han Jue was speechless.
 It seemed that this fellow had been imprisoned for too long and did not take a hundred thousand years as much time.
 Han Jue said seriously, “Yes, that’s settled. Fellow Daoist, wait patiently.” [Primordial Yuan Phoenix has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 3 stars]
 “Thank you, fellow Daoist!”
 Hearing the Primordial Yuan Phoenix’s thanks, Han Jue didn’t reply and retracted his divine sense.
 Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 Dao Comprehension Sword had already left the cave abode. Han Jue opened his eyes and fell into deep thought.
 Although the Primordial Yuan Phoenix had discovered the Dao Field, this fellow clearly could not move. Since that was the case, he would ignore him for the time being. Han Jue isolated the cave abode and didn’t let Dao Comprehension Sword return. He took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing while checking his emails. The war between the Heavenly Court, the Demon Court, and the Jie School had already begun.
 Even Huang Zuntian was attacked by demons.
 Han Jue was wondering if he should take this opportunity to kill the Demon Emperor?
 He was afraid that after the Demon Court was destroyed, the Heavenly Court would become everyone’s target.
 If the Heavenly Court was attacked by various forces, that would not be a good thing.
 Han Jue didn’t expect the Heavenly Court to win, he only hoped that they could survive.
 He would wait a little longer.
 Han Jue thought silently.
 In his heart, Zu Tu was a greater threat than the Demon Emperor.
 (Dao Field Guard has been successfully copied. Please name it.)
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows when he saw a line of words suddenly appear in front of him.
 Han Jue thought silently, “Lü Bu!”
 Immediately after, purple light burst out from his eyes and landed in front of him, condensing into a figure. It was Zu Tu!
 To be precise, it was Lü Bu who looked exactly like Zu Tu. Lü Bu knelt down on one knee and cupped his fists. “Greetings, Dao Lord!”
 Dao Ancestor[1]?
 Han Jue subconsciously heard wrong and immediately understood. Lord of the Dao Field!
 “Yes, go out and find a place to stay,” Han Jue instructed.
 He had previously learned from the system that the Dao Field guard was like a puppet without intelligence. Its thought patterns were to protect the Dao Field and listen to all his arrangements. Lü Bu immediately stood up and left.
 After walking out of the Connate Cave Abode, everyone turned to look at him.
 Because his aura was too terrifying!
 “Who is that person?”
 The Black Hell Demon Lord frowned. He felt that it looked familiar.
 Diamond Rage was shocked. “Divine Palace’s Zu Tu! How is that possible!”
 The others were surprised. Who was Zu Tu?
 Lü Bu ignored them and jumped down to the sea.
 Han Jue’s voice sounded, “His name is Lü Bu. From now on, he will guard the Dao Field. You don’t have to disturb him. He also needs to cultivate.”
 He was afraid that the disciples would deliberately strike up a conversation and find out.
 The disciples were in an uproar.
 They couldn’t help but think of the previous voice.
 Could it be that this person called Han Jue and came to pay respects?
 It was very likely!
 The disciples sat together and discussed.
 With Lü Bu around, Han Jue immediately relaxed.
 Even if Zu Tu came personally, he could forget about killing him!
 Han Jue smiled.
 This was the cultivation place he wanted. It was absolutely safe and had abundant Immortal Qi!
 Divine Palace.
 Zu Tu, who was meditating, suddenly opened his eyes and frowned.
 He pinched his fingers to deduce and frowned again.
 “What’s going on? Why do I feel uneasy?”
 The more Zu Tu thought about it, the more uneasy he became. He felt that something big was about to happen.
 “No, I have to go to the 33rd Heaven to ask. Nothing can go wrong with this calamity.”
 Zu Tu stood up and rushed out of the Divine Palace.
 Several breaths later.
 He arrived outside the 33rd level and stopped in front of Nüwa Imperial Palace.
 He knelt down and looked up at the gate, then asked, “Sage, I have something to ask of you!”
 A cold voice came from Nüwa Palace, “The calamity has begun. You can only rely on yourself.”
 Zu Tu looked up and asked, “What should I do if there’s karma beyond the calamity?”
 “Impossible.”
 “Sage, please help me deduce it!” Zu Tu said firmly with a burning gaze.
 [1] Lord and Ancestor sound similar in Chinese.

