 Several hours passed.
 The cold voice floated out of the palace again, “The anomaly you spoke of is part of the calamity. Go back.”
 Part of the calamity?
 Zu Tu frowned, not understanding what this meant.
 Since it was part of the calamity, why did it make him uneasy?
 He was already the strongest in the calamity. He fought for providence and momentum.
 Could it be that the uneasiness came from the Dark Forbidden Lord?
 The Dark Forbidden had appeared?
 Zu Tu hurriedly stood up, bowed, and left.
 Time passed quickly. Fifty years passed quickly.
 Han Jue’s cultivation time had returned to normal. It was ordinary and boring. He cursed the enemy every ten years. His usual joy was probably from reading the emails.
 In the past few decades, Han Ming had already successfully reincarnated. In this life, his talent was monstrous. He had just been born and was already at the Loose Immortal Realm. He was almost comparable to the Golden Crow Divine Clan.
 Some of Han Jue’s Immortal God friends died one after another. It could be seen that the Heavenly Court’s plan to invade the Demon Court was not smooth.
 Sigh.
 Some of his friends were gone before he even met them.
 Han Jue watched as his friends’ icons disappeared one after another, feeling inexplicably sad. It was unknown how many old friends he’d have by the time he reached the end of the Great Dao.
 Cultivation was a lone peak. The higher one went, the narrower it became, until only one person could stand at the top.
 On this day.
 Han Jue walked out of the cave abode and came to the Fusang Tree.
 After so many years, the Fusang Tree had been growing, but it was still far from maturing.
 The mature Fusang Tree could connect to the myriad worlds in the world, like a space-time hub. Han Jue had always been looking forward to that day.
 The Fusang Tree shook again.
 Han Jue smiled and said, “That fellow in the Nine Nether Purgatory has already reached an agreement with me. He won’t harm you. Don’t worry, don’t be nervous.”
 The Fusang Tree said carefully, “It’s not in the Nine Nether Purgatory… but outside…”
 Outside?
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 He spread his divine sense towards the exit of the Nine Nether Purgatory.
 Soon, he discovered that the exit of the Nine Nether Purgatory was shrinking. Someone was repairing the barrier and wanted to isolate the Nine Nether Purgatory from the netherworld again.
 Han Jue frowned and hesitated.
 Should he stop it?
 Stop my ass! Didn’t I hide in here to avoid the calamity?
 It was a good thing that someone was repairing it! It was to prevent the enemy from breaking in again!
 After Han Jue thought it through, he waited and watched.
 A figure suddenly appeared in the dark void.
 When Han Jue saw this figure, his expression couldn’t help but become strange.
 This fellow…
 Pan Xin!
 Pan Xin turned around and cast a spell with both hands. Vast Dharmic powers spread out, repairing the barrier between the two worlds.
 Why did this fellow escape?
 Pan Xin seemed to have sensed something and snorted coldly. “Yo! I didn’t expect that there’s still someone hiding in the Nine Nether Purgatory like me! Fellow Daoist, let me give you a piece of advice. Don’t provoke me and don’t try to open the barrier!”
 Han Jue remained silent.
 Pan Xin was suddenly moved and said in surprise, “This aura seems to be…”
 He widened his eyes and shouted, “Brat! You actually reached the Deity Realm! How is that possible!”
 Hearing this, Han Jue could only say helplessly, “Senior, long time no see. Are you being hunted down?”.
 “Hunted? Nonsense! Who dares to hunt me down?”
 “Then, why are you here…”
 “Can I enter seclusion? Since it’s you, I’m relieved. Don’t go out before the calamity ends, alright?”
 “That’s exactly my intention.”
 “Where are you? Why can’t I deduce your location?”
 Facing Pan Xin’s doubts, Han Jue grew silent.
 He didn’t know if he should bring Pan Xin into the Dao Field.
 No!
 He couldn’t take the risk!
 There was no knowing what others were thinking. Although Pan Xin had a favorable impression of him, the two of them were not close.
 Han Jue replied, “I’m also in seclusion. Senior, rest early. I’ll continue cultivating.”
 With that, he retracted his divine sense.
 To prevent his location from being exposed, Han Jue controlled Hidden Sect Island to move away. In a flash, he covered millions of miles and disappeared without a trace.
 Pan Xin was stunned on the spot and thought to himself, “Could it be that this kid is also being hunted down?”
 He was amused. He didn’t expect another person to have the same thought as him, hiding in the most dangerous place!
 “No! I have to find this kid. I want to see where he’s hiding!”
 Pan Xin’s appearance caused Han Jue to no longer dare to absorb the negative karma in the Nine Nether Purgatory. He continued to utilize the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 He would first absorb the negative karma in the lotus. The 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus had accumulated several calamities of negative karma. It would be very difficult for Han Jue to suck it dry. Even if he could, it would take an extremely long time.
 From then on, Han Jue often felt Pan Xin’s divine sense sweep past Hidden Sect Island.
 Why was this fellow looking for him?
 Did he have bad intentions?
 Han Jue almost took out the Book of Misfortune, but he was afraid of exposing his identity.
 Perhaps Pan Xin didn’t have any ill intentions. After searching for a few years, Pan Xin gave up and found a place to cultivate. The Nine Nether Purgatory fell silent again.
 Another thirty years passed.
 While cultivating, Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and cursed the enemy while checking his emails.
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was attacked by your enemy Demon Emperor.]
 (Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by a mighty figure.]
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian was attacked by a Demon Race Immortal Emperor and was severely injured. Fortunately, your good friend Divine General saved him.]
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan devoured negative karma ghosts and developed mental demons.)
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by demons] x310229
 (Your disciple Long Hao encountered the attack of your enemy Demon Emperor. His body was destroyed and his soul was suppressed.] [Your good friend Dao Sovereign has comprehended a Chaotic Mystical Power. His cultivation has increased greatly.]
 The Heavenly Emperor and the Demon Emperor fought?
 Was this an act or a complete fallout?
 Han Jue looked down. When he saw Long Hao being killed, his expression changed drastically.
 He still liked Long Hao. After all, he had watched this kid grow up.
 Damn Demon Emperor!
 You attacked my Majesty and killed my disciple. You’re courting death!
 Han Jue immediately increased the curse on the Demon Emperor.
 Five days later.
 Han Jue’s lifespan began to decrease.
 In order to prevent Long Hao from dying, Han Jue decided to curse the Demon Emperor until he developed a problem. Otherwise, there would be more trouble in the future.
 He stared at his attributes panel and controlled the speed at which his lifespan decreased.
 On the other side.
 The Demon Emperor sat on the steps, his body wrapped in a strange black aura.
 His head kept trembling. He was in a strange state, and he did not know why.
 Boom
 The Demon Emperor suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood and his body quickly weakened.
 “Damn you, Dark Forbidden Lord. I’ve already expressed my goodwill, but you still…”
 The Demon Emperor cursed angrily, but before he could finish, another powerful curse attacked.
 He was shocked and furious. How could the curse of the Dark Forbidden Lord be so powerful?
 What kind of Dharma treasure was this fellow using?
 Was it draining his Dharmic powers?
 Even a curse with Dharmic powers should not have such an effect!
 The Demon Emperor’s expression changed drastically. The Dharmic powers in his body began to stir as a strange voice sounded in his ears.
 “The revival of the demons depends on you. Can you withstand it?
 “Does the Demon Court really have a chance to surpass the Heavenly Court? “The Heavenly Court has the help of the Dao Sect. What does the Demon Court have? Those Sages are biased and clearly want to destroy the demons. Why?”
 The voice of his mental demon!
 The Demon Emperor gritted his teeth and tried his best to ignore the mental demon’s voice. However, it only grew louder.

