 “Someone is cursing him, just like me earlier!”
 A voice sounded in Long Hao’s ears.
 Long Hao snorted. “You deserved it. Who asked you to possess me?”
 This voice was Hao Tian. Hao Tian’s soul shrank in the depths of Long Hao’s soul, unable to be removed.
 Hao Tian said angrily, “Brat, can’t I help you become stronger? Now, we’re being targeted by that whatever Dark Forbidden Lord guy. It won’t be good in the future.”
 Long Hao secretly asked in surprise, “Is the Dark Forbidden Lord really that powerful? Even you, the strongest Heavenly Emperor, can’t do anything?”
 “If I recover my cultivation, I won’t be afraid of him. Unfortunately…”
 “What will happen to the Demon Emperor? Will he follow in the footsteps of the Heavenly Dao Buddha?”
 Hao Tian’s tone was solemn. He was clearly afraid of the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 Boom!
 The Demon Emperor’s body exploded and blood splattered across the hall. A black soul that looked like the figure of a beast twisted wantonly, looking terrifying.
 Terrifying Dharmic powers wreaked havoc in the hall. Long Hao’s oil lamp also shook violently. Everything in the hall shook like a huge earthquake. The Demon Emperor’s killing intent erupted, causing Long Hao to be terrified.
 “Is this the Zenith Heaven Realm?”
 Long Hao was secretly shocked. Although he was already a Grand Unity Golden Immortal, facing a Zenith Heaven cultivator, he felt as tiny as a worm.
 Hao Tian suddenly shouted, “Be careful! He can’t withstand his Dharmic powers anymore. He’s going to explode!” Explode?
 Long Hao was shocked. The Demon Emperor suddenly roared, “Dark Forbidden Lord! I will definitely not let you go! As long as there is a chance of survival, I will definitely kill my way back! Demons, listen up! The Dark Forbidden Lord plotted to harm the providence of the demons. He’s the eternal enemy of the demons! We won’t rest until he’s dead!”
 This voice resounded throughout the myriad worlds!
 Even the Hidden Sect in the Nine Nether Purgatory could hear it.
 The disciples of the Hidden Sect were speechless.
 “The Dark Forbidden Lord is really strong. Even the Demon Emperor has been harmed!” The Black Hell Demon Lord sighed.
 He knew best how strong the Demon Emperor was.
 In the Demon Court, the Demon Emperor was extremely domineering. Almost all of them were defeated and subdued. Diamond Rage sighed. “I wonder who the Dark Forbidden Lord is.” All the disciples were curious about the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 They felt that in this calamity, the strongest was the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 Dao Comprehension Sword fell into deep thought as she glanced at the Connate Cave Abode.
 At the same time.
 Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 Han Jue’s face was covered in blood and his eyes were bloodshot.
 He had already lost more than 13 billion years of his lifespan.
 Why isn’t this fellow dead yet?!
 (Because of your curse, your enemy Demon Emperor had his mental demons wreak havoc. His Dharmic powers went berserk and he couldn’t withstand the turmoil. His monstrous negative karma began to wreak havoc. His soul exploded and he died.]
 The image of the Demon Emperor vanished!
 Han Jue immediately stopped.
 He exhaled.
 He was finally dead.
 Fortunately, the Demon Emperor had slaughtered too many lives and was covered in negative karma. Otherwise, Han Jue would really not be able to curse him to death.
 It seemed that negative karma was really dangerous for those who entered the calamity.
 Han Jue put down the Book of Misfortune and started to recuperate and adjust his state.
 Once the Demon Emperor died, the Demon Court would definitely be in chaos. This was the Heavenly Court’s chance.
 It was up to the Heavenly Court now. A month later, Han Jue finished cursing the other enemies and continued cultivating.
 Although the Book of Misfortune was powerful, he couldn’t rely on it too much.
 He still had to try his best to become stronger.
 Heavenly Court, Numinous Palace, gathering of gods.
 Both the immortals and the cultivators of the Dao Sect were very excited.
 The Demon Emperor had actually perished!
 The Martial God General sighed. “This Dark Forbidden Lord is too strong. Will he become an enemy of the Heavenly Court?”
 Jing Tiandong said, “Not necessarily. If he wants to fight for providence, he should enter the calamity. Otherwise, if he hides in the dark and curses, it will also be giving providence to others. It’s a waste of effort. I think he has a greater goal. Perhaps it’s not limited to fighting for power.” The immortals rolled their eyes.
 They had interacted with each other for a period of time and knew that Jing Tiangong worshiped the Dark Forbidden Lord and was hopeless.
 At this moment, a Heavenly Soldier rushed in and shouted, “Report-The Demon Court’s army has dispersed!”
 The Heavenly Emperor stood up and laughed. “Very good! Immortal Gods, listen up! Raise your troops and attack the demons!
 “I want to completely disband the Demon Court in a hundred years!”
 On the other side.
 West Heaven.
 In a grand temple, the Divine Might Buddha gathered with the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and Arhats.
 Divine Might Buddha said expressionlessly, “Haven’t you found the Dark Forbidden Lord yet?”
 Although the death of the Heavenly Dao Buddha infuriated the Buddhist Sect, they didn’t dare to hate the Dark Forbidden Lord. It was only because the Heavenly Dao Buddha was transformed from a corpse of the Devil Ancestor that he could be said to be a spy. This matter embarrassed the Buddhist Sect, causing them to not dare to pursue the matter. The entire Immortal World was mocking and questioning them!
 A Buddha said, “Other than the Divine Palace’s Zu Tu pretending to be the Dark Forbidden Lord, there are also the Dark Forbidden Lord, the Ancient Races, and so on. On the surface, there are no less than a hundred Dark Forbidden Lords. It’s impossible to tell for the time being.”
 There were too many Dark Forbidden Lords! Ever since the death of the Heavenly Dao Buddha, the believers of the Dark Forbidden Lord had appeared in the Immortal World like bamboo shoots after the rain. They developed separately and spread throughout the Immortal World, showing signs of success.
 Divine Might Buddha asked, “Is the Heavenly Court affected by the Dark Forbidden Lord?” “Yes, including the Heavenly Emperor. He’s often cursed, but we can’t tell if he’s really being cursed by the Dark Forbidden Lord,” replied a Bodhisattva.
 The Divine Might Buddha sighed.
 The situation became more and more chaotic. He had been in seclusion for so many years and was not very familiar with the situation in the Immortal World. Now, an unknown new figure had appeared. He had a headache.
 “No, I have to gather the other Buddhas,” Divine Might Buddha thought to himself.
 Ten years later.
 While cultivating, Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and cursed while checking his emails.
 [Your good friend Long Hao has obtained the inheritance of a mysterious mighty figure. He has learned the Heavenly Dao Mystical Power and his cultivation has increased greatly.)
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian was attacked by Jie School cultivators] X407
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen has obtained Demon Emperor Origin and his cultivation has increased greatly.) [Your grand-disciple Fang Liang obtained the Demon Emperor Supreme Treasure. His providence has increased greatly.] (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your good friend Dao Sovereign dreamed of meeting a Sage. After some guidance, his cultivation has increased greatly.] (Your good friend Empress Houtu has left the netherworld.)
 (Your good friend Tai Sutian jumped into the River of Destiny and reincarnated.]
 Could the mysterious mighty figure that Long Hao encountered be Hao Tian?
 Thinking about it carefully, Long Hao and Hao Tian were a little like the relationship between a fantasy protagonist and an old grandpa. If they couldn’t be separated, perhaps Hao Tian would be Long Hao’s fortuitous encounter.
 Ji Xianshen and Fang Liang were tied together?
 Why did they keep hanging around together!
 Han Jue was still most concerned about Dao Sovereign.
 The word ‘Sage’ was truly blinding.
 Didn’t they say that the Sages wouldn’t interfere in the Immeasurable Calamity?
 Han Jue couldn’t help but tense up. The calamity that the Sages participated in could be said to be devastating. Previously, when the two worlds were inverted, it was because of a Sage.
 Han Jue looked down. Suddenly feeling something, his expression changed slightly.
 He put down the Book of Misfortune and scanned with his divine sense.
 A large number of living beings appeared in an area of the Nine Nether Purgatory. These living beings were like humans and Magi, with men and women. They gathered together and seemed to be very noisy

