 The aura of Reincarnation!
 Empress Houtu!
 Could these living beings be created by Empress Houtu?
 “Eh? Why are you here?”
 A female voice entered Han Jue’s ears. It was similar to Meng Po’s, but it was younger and more beautiful.
 Han Jue knew that his divine sense had been exposed, so he asked, “Senior Meng Po?”
 “Meng Po is already dead. You can call me Empress Houtu.”
 Empress Houtu’s tone was very gentle without any arrogance.
 Inexplicably no longer nervous, Han Jue said, “So it’s Empress Houtu. It’s truly my honor to meet you.”
 Her cultivation level was still unknown.
 “How many people from my Magus Race are with you?” Empress Houtu’s voice sounded again.
 The two of them were communicating with their divine sense. Other than them, no one else could hear them.
 Han Jue replied, “Two. You want to see them?”
 “No need. I’m just asking. These are members of my newly created race. What do you think the name should be?” Empress Houtu asked with a smile. Her tone was casual, and Han Jue inevitably felt close to her.
 He couldn’t help but be wary.
 The more amicable she was, the more dangerous it was!
 What if Empress Houtu suddenly attacked him one day?
 Han Jue took a deep breath and said, “This matter should naturally be decided by you. How can I cross the line?”
 “It’s fine. Go ahead. I’ll see if it’s suitable.”
 Han Jue remained silent. How ridiculous!
 Was she trying to tie him to this new race?
 If Han Jue named them, he would definitely have karma with this race in the future.
 But if he rejected, wouldn’t that offend Empress Houtu?
 Didn’t you say you would be my backing? Why do you want to harm me?
 Han Jue was dissatisfied with Empress Houtu and felt that she was not nice.
 At this moment, Empress Houtu smiled and said, “Are you still afraid of being tainted by karma? You cultivate the Dao of Reincarnation. I created the cycle of reincarnation. The karma between you and me has actually been buried long ago. Why do you need to differentiate between us?”
 Han Jue asked, “What relationship do you have with Immortal Emperor Samsara?”
 “He’s only a child who has gone astray. A long time ago, I established the cycle of reincarnation. After the cycle of reincarnation was born, a trace of life appeared. That trace of life developed into him. However, he was very strong. He had always wanted to escape the cycle of reincarnation and dominate Reincarnation. After so many years, I don’t know what he wants or what he’s doing.”
 Empress Houtu’s answer shocked Han Jue.
 In that case, Immortal Emperor Samsara was equivalent to Empress Houtu’s son?
 Han Jue pinched his fingers to deduce and discovered that he indeed had karma with Samsara.
 This was the profundity of karma. After reaching the Emperor Realm, one could deduce clues. After reaching the Deity Realm, one could even deduce all the karma related to them unless the karma involved an even stronger existence.
 Han Jue and the Dao of Reincarnation did have karma.
 In that case, there was indeed no need to worry.
 Han Jue said in a low voice, “Why don’t we call them the Nether Race? They will live in the Nine Nether Purgatory for a long time. They won’t enter the calamity or the world.”
 Not entering the calamity!
 Not entering the world!
 He had deliberately mentioned these two points. This was the original intention of this name. If the Nether Race went against the original intention of this name in the future, the Heavenly Dao would judge them, and he might have a way to get rid of them.
 Empress Houtu smiled and said, “Sure. From now on, they will be called the Nether Race. The Nether Race will not enter the calamity and will not enter the world. If they disobey, the heavens will destroy them.”
 Boom!
 Thunderclouds appeared above the Fiends. It was the Heavenly Dao Thundercloud.
 Han Jue was secretly shocked. He didn’t expect Empress Houtu to be so decisive.
 It seemed that the lesson of the Magus Race was too deep, causing Empress Houtu to be very afraid.
 At this moment…
 Thunderclouds also appeared in the sky above Hidden Sect Island.
 Han Jue’s expression changed.
 Crap!
 His location was being exposed!
 diately controlled the Hidden Sect Island to escape, but the Heavenly Dao Thundercloud followed closely behind. Wherever the Hidden Sect Island went, it followed. Its speed was not slow at all, as if they were one.
 Han Jue quickly gave up. The Heavenly Dao Thundercloud parted, and a golden light descended. It directly penetrated the Dao Field’s array formation and landed on the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain. It pierced through the stone, but it didn’t cause any damage. Finally, it landed on Han Jue.
 The disciples under the Fusang Tree were stunned.
 “Heavenly Dao Merit! How is that possible!”
 The Black Hell Demon Lord widened his eyes in shock.
 Diamond Rage and Duan Hongchen were both moved.
 Chu Shiren frowned and muttered, “What did he do?”
 Murong Qi asked in surprise, “The legendary Heavenly Dao Merit? Hasn’t Grandmaster always been in the cave abode? How can he do something like that?” The other disciples were curious.
 The Heavenly Dao Merit sounded very powerful!
 At the same time, Han Jue was in the Heavenly Dao Merit. He was so nervous at first that he thought he was going to die.
 Unexpectedly, the golden light was warm, causing his cultivation level to increase.
 [Detected that this is your first time obtaining Heavenly Dao Merit. You have the following choices:]
 (1: Absorb the Heavenly Dao Merit and become controlled by the Heavenly Dao. You can obtain a Mystical Power inheritance.] [2: Suppress the Heavenly Dao Merit and use it for yourself. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment.)
 Han Jue widened his eyes.
 He hurriedly stopped transforming the Heavenly Dao Merit into his cultivation. He projected them into the world of stars and sealed them.
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 Could this Heavenly Dao Merit be because he had given the Nether Race a name?
 Wow.
 It was probably very difficult for ordinary living beings to resist the Heavenly Dao Merit. It was truly exaggerated to convert the merit into cultivation level. It was better than many years of bitter cultivation.
 If he completely absorbed the Heavenly Dao Merit, Han Jue felt that he might directly break through to the Two Mystic Divine Origin Realm.
 However, he didn’t want to become a subordinate of the Heavenly Dao.
 Looking at the Heavenly Dao Buddha, he was probably controlled by the Heavenly Dao. Because he had too much negative karma, he was judged by the Heavenly Dao as an anomaly, so he was killed.
 Han Jue guessed that negative karma was related to the Heavenly Dao.
 Five minutes later.
 Han Jue finally suppressed this Heavenly Dao Merit and stored it in his sea of stars. He scanned the Nether Race with his divine sense and said, “Thank you, Empress. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to obtain this merit.”
 Empress Houtu smiled and said, “It’s fine. In the future, the Nether Race will stay in the Nine Nether Purgatory. I hope you can take care of them. Don’t worry, I’ll visit them often. Currently, there’s no threat in the Nine Nether Purgatory. I’ve already greeted that Primordial Yuan Phoenix. There’s also another fellow, although he’s roaming free, he’s quite timid.”
 The reckless coward should be Pan Xin.
 Han Jue asked curiously, “Is the Heavenly Dao Merit very useful?”
 “Of course. Most Sages rely on merit to ascend, including some Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals.”
 Empress Houtu’s answer made Han Jue sigh.
 The system was indeed from the Primordial Chaos and was superior to all living beings in the Heavenly Dao.
 By relying on merit to become a Sage, he might be above all living beings, but he would also be controlled by the Heavenly Dao and be unable to escape.
 If the Heavenly Dao was destroyed, the Sages would be destroyed. Therefore, they had no choice but to defend the Heavenly Dao.
 It had to be said that the will of the Heavenly Dao was very terrifying.
 It didn’t have the intelligence of a living being. It wouldn’t target a certain person. But its will was the highest and could not be altered.
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more terrified he became.
 For some reason, he felt that at the end of the cultivation path, he might become an enemy of the Heavenly Dao.
 If he wanted to truly transcend, he would definitely have to be invincible. He would definitely not be controlled by the Heavenly Dao!

