 (Tai Sutian: Cultivation unknown. A mysterious existence nurtured by the 33 Layered Heavens. She lives in Nüwa Imperial Palace all year round and listens to the Sage’s preach. Under the orders of the Sage, she descended into the mortal world and entered the calamity. Dao Comprehension Sword was created as one of her clones to comprehend the Dao.]
 (Greedy Lord: Six Mystic Divine Origin, the first servant of Immortal Emperor Samsara. He obeyed Immortal Emperor Samsara, but as his cultivation level increased, he gradually gained his own ambitions.]
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 It was Tai Sutian!
 Tai Sutian’s portrait was different from Dao Comprehension Sword, so he had never connected them together.
 He didn’t expect Tai Sutian to have a clone.
 Wait!
 In addition to the Heaven Mending Stone that Tai Sutian had thrown to Fang Liang, Nüwa Imperial Palace had definitely targeted him.
 Han Jue felt his blood run cold.
 If he didn’t have the system, he wouldn’t have been able to sense the existence of Nüwa Imperial Palace. The Heaven Mending Stone could be regarded as Fang Liang’s fortuitous encounter, and Dao Comprehension Sword’s previous owner did not leave any clues.
 The Sages were high and mighty. They said that they wouldn’t enter the calamity, but they were actually secretly manipulating the situation.
 Zu Tu seemed to be a pawn of Nüwa Imperial Palace.
 As for this Greedy Lord, Han Jue had never heard of him before. From his appearance, he was extremely ugly. Why did he have to pretend to be Han Jue? Could this be the instructions of Immortal Emperor Samsara?
 No!
 The greatest winner in the future would be Greedy Lord, not Immortal Emperor Samsara.
nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎 In addition, the information indicated that Greedy Lord had his own ambitions. It meant that this fellow had already become rebellious. He might even harm Immortal Emperor Samsara in the future.
 How interesting!
 Han Jue laughed in anger.
 The Immortal World was really complicated. Other than the big shots on the surface, many people were hiding in the dark waiting for an opportunity.
 Han Jue wondered if he should directly curse Tai Sutian and Greedy Lord?
 No!
 If he killed them like this, something might happen again.
 He would wait for a while and deal with them after they surfaced.
 They definitely didn’t expect Han Jue to already know their plot.
 With their strength, it was impossible for them to overturn the Heavenly Court in a short period of time, much less threaten the Hidden Sect.
 Han Jue called Dao Comprehension Sword in.
 He seemed to be preaching the Dao for her, but in fact, he took the opportunity to deepen the Six Paths Insignia to prevent Tai Sutian from playing any tricks.
 The Six Paths Insignia didn’t affect Dao Comprehension Sword normally. Han Jue was only making preparations.
 Too many mighty figures had perished. Han Jue had to be cautious.
 Even Zenith Heaven experts could die, let alone him.
 In a vast underground cave, countless figures gathered. There were people, demons, and ghosts.
 Wearing a black robe, Xuan Qingjun mixed into the crowd.
 She looked ahead. Several kilometers away, there was a high platform. On the platform stood dozens of existences emitting powerful auras. They were discussing something. “I didn’t expect the Darkness Sect to be mixed with so many factions. Where did the Dark Forbidden Lord come from?”
 Xuan Qingjun was shocked.
 She had joined the Darkness Sect by chance. As for the Jie School, she felt that there was no future for her there. The Sect Master of the Jie School no longer cared about anything. The elders and the Island Masters were fighting openly and secretly. They were no longer the providence sect of the legends. They were more like a crazy mob.
 After a while.
 A voice sounded, “Quiet!”
 All the waiting disciples of the Darkness Sect shut up and turned to look.
 If Han Jue was here, he would discover that the speaker was Xue Minghe who had escaped from the Nine Nether Purgatory.
 Xue Minghe, whose body was burning with blood Qi, stood at the edge of the platform and looked down at everyone. He said, “There are too many detestable people in the current Immortal World pretending to be the Dark Forbidden Lord, including Zu Tu of the Divine Palace. We’re all believers of the Dark Forbidden Lord. How can we tolerate this? We have to do something for him. Unconsciously, he will watch us and look forward to our performance.
 “Do you want to gain the Dark Forbidden Lord’s favor?”
 Everyone became excited. “Yes!”
 The shouts gathered together and shook the entire underground cave.
 Xuan Qingjun was also shocked.
 This was the first time she had seen such a scene in the Immortal World. She had never seen it in the Jie School before.
 She couldn’t understand. Why was the Dark Forbidden Lord so charismatic?
 Although he was indeed very strong and had forced the Heavenly Dao Buddha and the Demon Emperor to die, he had never appeared.
 Xue Minghe continued with a smile, “Since some time ago, the myriad worlds had been divided by the Divine Palace, the Heavenly Court, the Buddhist Sect, and the Demon Court. They are high and mighty and set the rules of the myriad worlds. However, from time to time, conflicts will erupt between them, causing countless living beings to rush to the netherworld and even perish in body and soul. However, no matter how many wars there are, the ones who will die will always be us, the weak factions. The four overlords are still overlords, and all living beings are pawns in their game. As they laugh, countless living beings will die. This despairing situation is finally broken!
 “It’s him! The Dark Forbidden Lord! He appeared out of nowhere and cursed the Buddhist Sect’s Heavenly Dao Buddha to reveal his true form. The mighty Buddhist Sect actually had the Devil Ancestor becoming a Buddha. It’s truly ridiculous. There’s also the Demon Emperor who went mad and slaughtered the Immortal World. The Heavenly Emperor, the master of the Divine Palace, and the Buddha didn’t dare to attack. It was also the Dark Forbidden Lord who personally took action to eliminate this disaster!
 “Now, the world is filled with fake Dark Forbidden Lords. This is an insult to him. We have to represent the orthodox lineage of the Dark Forbidden Lord and eliminate these imposters. Because only we truly fear the Dark Forbidden Lord and truly respect him!
 “I, Xue Minghe, represent the Asura Race to join the Darkness Sect. When the calamity begins, the Asura Race will definitely be the first!
 “Are you all willing to sacrifice everything for the Dark Forbidden Lord and the whole world?”
 All the living beings shouted in unison.
 Even Xuan Qingjun felt her blood boiling.
 This belief was too strong!
 It could let the Darkness Sect become united!
 As long as the Dark Forbidden Lord did not lose, the Darkness Sect would be an invincible army!
 Xuan Qingjun was also looking forward to it.
 Perhaps following the Darkness Sect would allow her to obtain a great opportunity in the calamity.
 She couldn’t help but think of Han Jue.
 His strength had already surpassed hers, but he was timid by nature and was afraid of the calamity.
 “After this calamity ends, if the Darkness Sect can laugh until the end, I can help introduce him.”
 Xuan Qingjun smiled.
 Back then, in order to comprehend the Dao, she accidentally found Han Jue to be her Dao Companion. After so many years, the only person she could remember was him.
 The others had already turned to dust.
 Ten years passed. Han Jue stopped cultivating and started cursing the enemy.
 Dao Comprehension Sword was basically staying outside the cave and cultivating with Li Yao. Unless Han Jue called for her, she wouldn’t take the initiative to return.
 Han Jue sighed. It was true that girls liked to leave home after reaching maturity. At the same time, he relaxed a lot. With Dao Comprehension Sword beside him, he would always be a little wary.
 Han Jue cursed as he checked his emails regularly.
 Nothing major had happened recently. The emails looked boring.
 A month later, Han Jue put down the Book of Misfortune.
 He suddenly had an idea.
 “I want to see what Greedy Lord is doing,” Han Jue thought silently.
 [Ten million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] After all, he was a Six Mystic Divine Origin expert. He was very close to the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 However, ten million years of lifespan was nothing to the current Han Jue.

