 Han Jue silently made his choice. Immediately after, he felt dizzy. When he opened his eyes again, he was in a dark palace.
 A figure sat in the hall. It was Greedy Lord.
 He was dressed in white and his black hair was naturally disheveled. His face was ugly and his facial features were distorted as if they had been crushed into a ball.
 His hands kept changing hand seals as he cultivated.
 At this moment, Immortal Emperor Samsara appeared in front of him. It was still Di Taibai’s appearance. Greedy Lord hurriedly knelt down and bowed humbly.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara said, “The two geniuses I nurtured have already entered the calamity. Don’t stay idle. Go and protect them. Remember, don’t be discovered by them.”
 Hearing this, Greedy Lord replied, “No problem.”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara flipped his right hand and took out a purple divine jade. He handed it to Greedy Lord and said, “This treasure is for you, just in case.”
 Greedy Lord was pleasantly surprised and immediately thanked Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara vanished. Greedy Lord put away the Dharma treasure and continued cultivating.
 The scene shattered.
 Han Jue’s consciousness returned to reality. He frowned.
 That’s it?
 Ten million years of lifespan in exchange for this?
 Han Jue felt cheated. It was so uncomfortable.
 He saw nothing!
 He only saw a character relationship that he knew all along.
 Han Jue didn’t dare to look at Tai Sutian anymore.
 Forget it.
 In any case, these two couldn’t threaten Han Jue for the time being.
 They were still very weak for the time being. Han Jue only needed to observe their cultivation level and kill them before they obtained a great opportunity.
 “I can’t change the situation too early, or new and stronger figures will appear.” Han Jue thought silently. After all, he didn’t enter the tribulation. Under such circumstances, everything he did could easily be used by others. Then, he stopped thinking and continued cultivating.
 He wanted to reach the Two Mystic Divine Origin as soon as possible!
 Even if he reached the Deity Realm, his cultivation could not stop. He had to strengthen steadily!
 Thirty years passed in the blink of an eye.
 Han Jue’s cultivation level had been increasing. The Deity Realm cultivated Divine Origin, which was also a form of Dharmic powers. He no longer cultivated using Qi but absorbed negative karma.
 After reaching the Deity Realm, Immortal Qi would lose its effect. Deity Realm cultivators needed higher-level energy.
 Han Jue discovered that the Connate Qi emitted by the Buzhou Divine Flower was suitable for Deity Realm cultivation. However, there was only one Buzhou Divine Flower, and it couldn’t be given to Han Jue to cultivate. He was only nurturing the Buzhou Divine Flower now and didn’t use it.
 What was worth mentioning was that the Resurrection Lily given by Meng Po had been increasing. Now, the field of lilies had already reached the outside of the cave abode. Han Jue didn’t stop it and let it grow.
 The Immortal Qi of Hidden Sect Island increased steadily. While Han Jue became stronger, the other disciples also became stronger. Among them, Li Yao had already reached the late-stage Grand Unity Golden Immortal Realm. Only Chu Shiren could compare. Murong Qi and Lu Huaxu were slightly weaker.
 Pan Xin didn’t look for him again. Besides cultivating, Han Jue would also pay attention to the Nether Race.
 The Fiends gathered in a corner of the Nine Nether Purgatory. There was no land, no food, and even no enemies. They could only cultivate endlessly. Han Jue discovered that the Nether Race had the strong physique of the Magus Race and also the essence soul of the Human Race. They didn’t look like Diamond Rage but more like Tu Ling’er. They bore the good qualities of both humans and Magi perfectly! This race had great potential!
 Han Jue kept hesitating if he should accept them.
 Empress Houtu was clearly expressing her goodwill to him.
 They had a total of ten thousand people. Without reproduction, they were still a small group. But in the future, they would definitely become a powerful force.
 “Let’s observe for another thousand years. If they all have the mentality to cultivate diligently, we can nurture them.”
 Han Jue thought like this. There was still the Reroll World hidden in the depths of his soul. It was fine if there was another race, but he was afraid that this race would not be able to tolerate loneliness and cause trouble for him.
 Just as Han Jue was cursing and thinking about these questions, Jiang Yi’s divine sense aura came from the Golden Crow Token.
 Han Jue took it out and contacted him.
 “Don’t talk to me about opportunities!” Han Jue said angrily.
 Jiang Yi said angrily, “Who do you think I
 am?”
 “Then what is it?”
 “It’s like this. After I returned to the Golden Crow Divine Clan, I discovered that the clan has changed. The elders have become radical. All of them want to enter the calamity and rule the myriad worlds. If this continues, I’ll probably be unable to cultivate properly in the future and be forced to enter the calamity to fight.”
 Speaking of this, Jiang Yi was very troubled.
 Ever since he knew Han Jue’s cultivation level, he had an epiphany.
 He had risked his life to fight for providence and opportunities, but Han Jue had overtaken him and even left him far behind. How could he stand it?
 He was the number one prodigy of the Golden Crow Divine Clan!
 The path of entering the tribulation was clearly wrong!
 Han Jue was right. Prodigies like them didn’t need to enter the calamity at all! Entering the tribulation was a waste of time!
 Han Jue said, “In that case, leave the Golden Crow Divine Clan and find a place to cultivate.”
 “The world is vast and there are battles everywhere. Where can I go? I don’t want to join the Heavenly Court!”
 Jiang Yi’s tone was filled with helplessness.
 Han Jue understood what he meant.
 He snorted. “Then, there’s no choice. Everyone has their own fate. Just accept it.” “Brat, do you dislike me so much? Back then, the Golden Crow Divine Emperor chased after you. I stood up for you and was almost beaten to death by him!”
 Jiang Yi’s tone was very bitter. Han Jue almost had goosebumps.
 He did remember this matter. Jiang Yi really did that for him.
 Thinking of this, Han Jue couldn’t help but become soft-hearted.
 He hesitated and then said, “Then, you can come to seek refuge with me. But there’s one thing. Here, you will listen to me. I won’t let you take the risk, but I won’t let you act recklessly either.”
 Jiang Yi chuckled. “That’s more like it. Where are you? I’ll go find you!”
 Han Jue silently used the derivation function. “Is Jiang Yi plotting against me?”
 (A million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue!
 [No]
 Han Jue was relieved. He suddenly realized that the derivation function could also be used as a lie detector. It could be used like this in the future.
 “Nine Nether Purgatory.”
 “What?”
 “Yes. Are you coming?”
 “Are you crazy?” Jiang Yi was shocked. He felt that Han Jue was joking.
 Han Jue snorted. “Don’t expose me. If you really want to come, you can think of a way to enter the Nine Nether Purgatory. Remember, you can’t tell anyone about this, including your clansmen. Otherwise, we will cut ties.”
 “Alright! Just you wait!”
 Jiang Yi ended the divine sense connection after saying that. He was clearly agitated.
 Han Jue put down the Golden Crow Token and couldn’t help but sigh.
 The Hidden Sect had strengthened again!
 Unknowingly, the number one prodigy of the Golden Crow Divine Clan had also joined.
 However, Jiang Yi might not really leave the clan. It wasn’t bad to form goodwill in the future.
 No matter how powerful a force was, it was impossible for them to not have good karma. The Demon Court was related to many ancient races, the Heavenly Court was backed by the Dao Sect, and the Divine Palace was closely related to the Human Race’s Sacred Dynasty. The Buddhist Sect also had countless believers.
 Han Jue continued cursing.
 After cursing all his enemies, he continued cultivating
 Several months passed.
 Empress Houtu came. Her aura filled the Nine Nether Purgatory, but she did not say a word.
 After Han Jue sensed her aura, he knew that she was looking for him.

