 Empress Houtu looked at the Nether Race from afar. It was unknown what she was thinking
 Previously, Han Jue had only communicated with Empress Houtu with his divine sense. This was the first time he had seen the real deal.
 She floated in the void, dressed in a long golden dress. The hem of the dress shimmered with all sorts of stars and was dazzling. She was barefoot and wore a long feather embedded with a mysterious bird. Her facial features were exquisite and beautiful, and there was kindness between her brows. A wheel-shaped halo with a total of six colors floated behind her as it spun slowly. “Empress, do you have something to instruct me?” Han Jue asked. Empress Houtu’s gaze landed on him. She smiled and said, “I want to give you an opportunity.”
 Han Jue felt his scalp tingle when he heard the word opportunity.
 In the past, so many opportunities that hid deep pits had made him believe that opportunities were equivalent to danger.
 “Thank you for your kind intentions, Empress. Forget about the opportunity. I just want to cultivate diligently…” Han Jue braced himself and replied.
 Empress Houtu smiled and said, “What are you thinking about? I’ve already brought you the opportunity.”
 With a flip of her fair hand, a jade sword appeared in her hand. “This is a Merit Dharma treasure, the Immeasurable Sword. It can absorb Heavenly Dao Merit. As the Nether Race grows stronger, the Heavenly Dao merit you obtain will increase. The merit you can’t digest in time can be stored in this treasure.”
 With that said, Empress Houtu threw the Immeasurable Sword out.
 The Immeasurable Sword was only 30 centimeters long. Rather than calling it a sword, it was more like a dagger. It was entirely green jade and felt cold to the touch. Han Jue felt relieved and thanked her. “Thank you, Empress!”
 Empress Houtu smiled and asked, “How’s the Nether Race?”
 Han Jue pulled the Immeasurable Sword into the Connate Cave Abode and replied, “Very high potential. It has the advantages of both the Magus Race and the Human Race. It’s just that it seems…”
 Empress Houtu said, “They can’t reproduce, right?”
 “Yes.”
 “This is their flaw. Therefore, my plan is not to make them the protagonists of the Heavenly Dao. Like the humans, they are to be spread throughout the worlds. I want them to shoulder the responsibility of the immortals and serve all living beings. If they can’t reproduce, it will prevent many conflicts over inheritance.”
 “However, other than inheritances, their own cultivation will also involve conflicts of interest. Besides, if they become stronger, they will definitely find a way to have descendants.”
 “No, they can’t reproduce because of the Heavenly Dao. They can’t use any method to produce descendants. I sacrificed the future of the Magus Race in exchange for the birth of the Nether Race.”
 Han Jue remained silent.
 He didn’t believe everything she said.
 After all, Diamond Rage and Tu Ling’er were still around. The two of them could find someone else to marry and have children. Sooner or later, they would develop the Magus Race.
 “It’s not only the Nether Race. Diamond Rage and Tu Ling’er are the same. They will be cursed by the Heavenly Dao and will never be able to reproduce. The good thing is that they will not be affected by negative karma. From now on, they can openly travel the worlds.” Empress Houtu’s tone was rather helpless.
 Han Jue was secretly shocked. How ruthless.
 Empress Houtu said, “I acknowledge your potential. Not only me, but there are actually other Sages paying attention to you. You’re a variable. I hope that you can accept the Nether Race. This way, I can focus on managing the cycle of reincarnation.”
 Entrusting him with them?
 “One day, you will need to preach the Dao, just like how Ancestor Xitian taught you the Dao of Karma. The more cultivators there are in the Dao of Karma, the stronger he will become. This is a win-win situation. It is very hard to attain the Dao as a lone individual. Of course, after you accept the Nether Race, if you encounter any trouble in the future, feel free to look for me,” Empress Houtu said with sincerity.
 Han Jue thought silently, “If I accept the Nether Race, will I be controlled by Empress Houtu or the Heavenly Dao?”
 (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Previously, when he asked, his lifespan had not been deducted. Could it be that it did not involve the karma of the future?
 Han Jue had no choice but to continue.
 Another hundred million was used.
 [No]
 It was worth a hundred million!
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief. It seemed that Empress Houtu didn’t plot against him.
 He immediately replied, “In that case, leave the Nether Race to me!”
 [Empress Houtu’s favorability towards you has increased. Current favorability: 4.5 stars]
 Empress Houtu smiled and said, “Not bad. In the future, you will understand that I’m not harming you.”
 With that, her aura vanished.
 Han Jue looked at the Nether Race and directly used his divine sense to move them into the Hidden Sect Island.
 The Hidden Sect Island was very big now. Not to mention ten thousand, ten million people were not a problem.
 After landing, the members of the Nether Race all panicked. This was the first time they had encountered such a situation.
 At this moment, Han Jue’s voice sounded. “Empress Houtu entrusted you to me. I was also the one who named you the Nether Race. From now on, you can stay on the island and cultivate in peace. There are disciples of my Hidden Sect on the island. All of you must cultivate diligently and not have any conflicts.”
 Not only could the Nether Race hear his voice, but everyone from the Hidden Sect also heard?it.
 Everyone under the Fusang Tree immediately flew over, very curious about the Nether Race.
 “Empress Houtu…” Chu Shiren muttered.
 Beside him, Black Hell Demon Lord sighed. “Sect Master has always been in seclusion, but he can always expand his network. He’s really impressive. Even a Sage has entrusted him with a race. It seems that even if our Sect Master isn’t a Sage, he’s not far from one.” The Black Hell Chicken said proudly, “I’ve already guessed that Master is the reincarnation of the Dao Ancestor. He’s even more powerful than the Heavenly Dao!”
 The speaker did not mean anything, but the listener felt something. Chu Shiren frowned after hearing this. For a time, Hidden Sect Island became lively again. Han Jue hesitated.
 Empress Houtu’s words frightened him. There were other Sages targeting him?
 Apart from Ancestor Xitian’s group and the Nüwa Imperial Palace who had designs on him, who else could it be?
 “What kind of existence are Sages? Could it be that all the worlds are in their eyes?”
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more his blood ran cold.
 Fortunately, Sages could not enter the world. Otherwise, how could he feel safe?
 No!
 He had to hurry up and become stronger. He had to increase the array formation of the Dao Field to the level of a Sage. At that time, even a Sage wouldn’t be able to break in.
 Han Jue’s eyes became firm. He continued cultivating.
 Twenty-five years later.
 Jiang Yi finally arrived at the Nine Nether Purgatory. He didn’t shout or scream. Instead, he erupted his aura and waited for Han Jue to come and fetch him.
 Who didn’t know that all the vengeful spirits of the Nine Nether Purgatory had run to the Immortal World?
 “This negative karma is really strong. How did he survive?”
 Jiang Yi was secretly shocked and suddenly started to admire Han Jue.
 A powerful divine sense wrapped around him. Before he could react, he was moved into the Hidden Sect Island and landed under the Fusang Tree.
 As soon as he landed, Jiang Yi took out his Dharma treasure in fear and prepared to fight.
 In the end, he saw people around him looking at him with strange expressions. There were two Golden Crows on the tree!
 “This is the number one prodigy of the Golden Crow Divine Clan, Jiang Yi. He will also join the Hidden Sect to cultivate in the future.”
 Han Jue’s voice came from the Connate Cave Abode.
 He wasn’t afraid that Jiang Yi would show off. Just the Black Hell Demon Lord and Diamond Rage were enough to suppress him, let alone the existence of Lü Bu. The Black Hell Demon Lord clicked his tongue in wonder. “Why are the geniuses of the Golden Crow Divine Clan here? Previously, when the Demon Emperor tried to rope you in, didn’t you reject him and say that you would only serve the Golden Crow Divine Clan?”
 Jiang Yi glanced around and snorted. “I’m Han Jue’s good brother. Our relationship is extraordinary. He begged me to come, so how can I not? I’ll also show you what talent is. Cultivate well in the future and catch up to?me!”

