 A newcomer is already so arrogant after just entering. I have to teach him a lesson!
 It was very perceptive. Han Jue didn’t even invite Jiang Yi to the cave abode, which meant that their relationship was not that deep.
 Jiang Yi was immediately displeased. Although the Black Hell Demon Lord was very strong, he did not feel any despair. This meant that the difference between them was not great.
 “Spar?” Jiang Yi glared at him.
 The Black Hell Demon Lord smiled and said, “Alright, let’s enter the Sect Master’s simulation trial.”
 “Simulation trial? What’s that?”
 “Sect Master’s Mystical Power that is specially used for fighting. There are also powerful opponents that Sect Master has experienced fighting before. Even the Demon Emperor, the Heavenly Emperor, the master of the Divine Palace, the Heavenly Dao Buddha, and other mighty figures are here!”
 “Really?”
 Jiang Yi was suspicious. This guy really knew how to brag.
 At this moment, Han Jue invited him into the simulation trial.
 At first, Jiang Yi was very surprised. Han Jue directly arranged for Diamond Rage to fight with him. After being beaten up, Jiang Yi’s fighting spirit was aroused and he started to become obsessed with the simulation trial. The Black Hell Chicken looked at the dazed Jiang Yi and shook its head. It sighed and said, “In Master’s words, this is another Internet addict.”
 Zhou Mingyue shook his head and laughed. “He even said that we should catch up to him. This fellow didn’t cultivate the moment he came. He will definitely be surpassed by us in the future.”
 The others were also amused.
 They had more or less been addicted to the simulation trial and knew how satisfying it was.
 A battle without fear of death was fatally attractive to cultivators.
 The battle in the simulation trial was so real, it was as if it was reality. But if he was killed, he wouldn’t die or suffer any side effects.
 Such a Mystical Power was simply unheard of! Han Jue saw that Jiang Yi was starting to become addicted to the simulation trial and didn’t care anymore. He continued cultivating.
 Forty years passed.
 Han Jue wasn’t close to the Two Mystic Divine Origin. Now, he started to absorb the negative karma of the Nine Nether Purgatory again. Pan Xin didn’t dare to disturb him, so his days were peaceful.
 After playing the simulation trial for ten years, Jiang Yi was deeply affected. He discovered that he was actually not an existence second only to Han Jue in the Hidden Sect. He had no choice but to cultivate with all his might.
 The other disciples did the same. Their lives were not disrupted by Jiang Yi and the Nether Race’s arrival.
 On this day.
 Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing the enemy while checking his emails.
 (Your good friend Tai Sutian has inherited the inheritance of the Primordial Queen Mother of the West. Her providence has increased greatly.)
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen has learned the Demon Emperor Mystical Power. His cultivation has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan was attacked by a cultivator from the Darkness Sect] X32931
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was cursed by a mysterious curse.] [Your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure.]
 (Your good friend Zhang Guxing tried to devour the Sword Dao River and suffered a backlash. He was severely injured.)
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian obtained a True Dragon Race divine weapon.]
 (Your disciple Su Qi has cultivated the Body of Misfortune and his cultivation has increased greatly.)
 (Your good friend Li Daokong slaughtered an ancient race. His negative karma has increased greatly.]
 Han Jue watched and felt that the Immortal World had become exciting again. That dog Zu Tu was still cursing the Heavenly Emperor.
 He’s courting death!
 Facing Zu Tu, Han Jue was really in a dilemma.
 Without any favorability or hatred, he didn’t know about Zu Tu’s situation. This made him feel that no matter how he cursed him, it was useless.
 After all, this fellow was the strongest in the calamity.
 Han Jue also noticed that Immortal Emperor Samsara was attacked. It seemed that Immortal Emperor Samsara also had his own grudges. This was also a good thing, in case this fellow wanted to harm him.
 There was also Zhang Guxing. He actually wanted to devour the Sword Dao River. He was so daring!
 Han Jue used to think that Zhang Guxing was a righteous person who protected the Sword Dao. Now, he felt that it was different.
 It seemed that when he was imprisoned in the Divine Palace, Zhang Guxing had been provoked.
 Reading on, Li Daokong had actually slaughtered an ancient race. To be honest, Han Jue didn’t feel that he was courting death. Even if his negative karma was overwhelming, Li Daokong would probably be able to wash away his negative karma.
 However, Han Jue felt that Li Daokong would be a tragic figure.
 He had deduced many times in the future, but Li Daokong was not the final winner. Furthermore, the final winner had slaughtered all living beings, which meant that Li Daokong had also died in the calamity.
 Thinking of this, Han Jue couldn’t help but warn himself.
 The experts on the surface were not terrifying, the sinister ones hiding in the dark were.
 Even with the system around, Han Jue couldn’t be careless. After all, in the future, he had failed and didn’t protect the people he wanted to protect.
 After cursing the enemy, Han Jue continued cultivating.
 According to his estimations, he was not far from breaking through to the Two Mystic Divine Origin. The Stellar Primordial Body was really powerful. It could absorb negative karma and ensure that his cultivation speed was always extremely fast. How difficult was it for ordinary Deity Realm mighty figures to break through a minor realm? It might even take forever. Han Jue was different. Even if he reached the Deity Realm, he could clearly feel that he was becoming stronger quickly.
 Not long after he continued cultivating, the Heavenly Dao Token stirred.
 The Heavenly Emperor contacted him.
 Han Jue accepted the call. “Can you still deduce Hao’er recently?” The Heavenly Emperor asked.
 Han Jue asked in surprise, “What’s wrong with him?”
 “Ever since the Demon Emperor attacked last time and Hao’er was captured by him, he has been missing. I tried my best but still couldn’t find him. I had no choice but to ask you.”
 Speaking of this, the Heavenly Emperor blamed himself. After all, he had not protected his son well.
 Long Hao was abducted by the Demon Emperor in the Heavenly Court. To the Heavenly Emperor, it was definitely a humiliation, even if the Demon Emperor had already died.
 Han Jue said, “I’ll try.”
 He silently activated the derivation function. “I want to know where Long Hao is.”
 (50 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 So much?
 But this fellow was not an Immortal Emperor!
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 However, when he thought of Hao Tian, he felt relieved.
 Continue!
 A line of words appeared in front of him.
 [The answer is not precise. Detected a rough location, in the Immortal World, at the 29th Heaven.)
 Han Jue showed a frown. That’s it?
 He said helplessly, “Your Majesty, I can’t deduce where he is either, but I sense that he seems to be in the 29th layer of heaven of the Immortal World.”
 “29th Heaven? Crap!”
 The Heavenly Emperor was shocked and hurriedly ended the conversation. The Heavenly Dao Token stopped shaking.
 Han Jue was surprised. Could there be a secret on the 29th level?
 He used his interpersonal relationships to check Long Hao’s portrait. He was not possessed by Hao Tian.
 In that case, Han Jue couldn’t be bothered. He couldn’t come out of seclusion, anyway.
 After putting down the Heavenly Dao Token, Han Jue quickly entered his cultivation state.
 Seven years later.
 Han Jue suddenly felt a powerful curse attack.
 He couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows.
 What happened?
 Who’s messing with me again? Han Jue activated the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus and used his negative karma to resist the curse.

