 With the Darkness Sect’s help, the Heavenly Court should be better off.
 The Heavenly Emperor treated him too well, causing Han Jue to feel bad if he didn’t return this favor. Now, he was finally able to help the Heavenly Court.
 Dao Sovereign had strong talent, but he was only a prodigy in the end. He couldn’t decide the outcome of the battle between the major factions.
 However, the Darkness Sect was different. They had many ancient races under them. With such a huge force supporting the Heavenly Court, how could it not be strong?
 Han Jue got up and walked out of the cave abode.
 “I’m going to preach. Everyone, sit tight.”
 Han Jue’s voice resounded throughout the entire Dao Field. Even the ten thousand Nether Race members heard it.
 They couldn’t help but look forward to it. They still remembered how Empress Houtu had preached the Dao to them.
 Jiang Yi couldn’t help but open his eyes and look at Han Jue curiously.
 Ever since he experienced the simulation trial, Han Jue’s image in his heart had become tall and mysterious.
 He was also shocked by the Mystical Power of the simulation trial. How could Han Jue be weak if he could simulate the cultivation of an ultimate expert?
 Thinking about it carefully, Jiang Yi was shocked to find that he had never defeated Han Jue. Although his attitude in the past was humble, he was clearly not afraid. Looking back, he felt that Han Jue was just coaxing him in the past.
 Also…
 The Golden Crow Divine Emperor had definitely died in Han Jue’s hands!
 This was because he had fought the Golden Crow Divine Emperor in the simulation trial. He was as powerful as in reality!
 Han Jue didn’t know what Jiang Yi was thinking. He sat down in front of the Fusang Tree and started to talk.
 Everyone sat down, including Diamond Rage and the Black Hell Demon Lord.
 As he began to talk about his understanding of cultivation, his voice was filled with magic. It immediately made everyone enter a state of comprehension. They recalled their cultivation and their spiritual perception exploded. All kinds of strange ideas appeared in their minds, enlightening them.
 This lecture lasted for five years. After that, Han Jue spent another two years answering their questions. The Nether Race members didn’t receive such treatment, or Han Jue would have died of exhaustion.
 After speaking, Han Jue returned to his cave abode and called Dao Comprehension Sword. After the cave abode closed, Dao Comprehension Sword knelt in front of him with a curious expression. She didn’t know why Han Jue called her. Han Jue asked, “Did your previous master look for you recently?”
 Dao Comprehension Sword asked in surprise, “If I stay here, how will she find me?”
 “Like in your dreams.” “Dream? That’s true. Recently, I’ve been dreaming about her. She’s cultivating beside me, but she hasn’t spoken to me.”
 Han Jue frowned after hearing that.
 Tai Sutian was indeed harboring evil intentions!
 Dao Comprehension Sword was already a Grand Unity True Immortal and was not far from the Grand Unity Golden Immortal Realm. How could she dream for no reason?
 Dao Comprehension Sword added, “Don’t worry, Master. I only have you as my master now. Even if you want me to kill her, I will. Her kindness to me can only be considered a favor. She didn’t even notice me. You are different. You made me transform and let me embark on the path of cultivation. You even protected?me…”
 As she spoke, Dao Comprehension Sword’s eyes turned red.
 She meant it.
 Her true form was Heaven and Earth Grass, and she had experienced many lifetimes. Before she met Han Jue, she was a grass that floated in all directions of the world. She had been stepped on countless times and suffered countless storms.
 However, after meeting Han Jue, she had never suffered. Now, she was even more carefree and had many friends to talk about the world with. Her life was very comfortable.
 Han Jue smiled and said, “I naturally know how you feel about me, but sometimes, there are many things that you can’t control. I want to leave the Six Paths Insignia on your soul. If your previous master wants to take the opportunity to control you, I will be able to sense it immediately. In addition, after this Insignia is imprinted, I will also control your life and death.”
 The reason why Han Jue said this was because he was afraid that Tai Sutian would discover the Six Paths Insignia and drive a wedge between him and Dao Comprehension Sword. In that case, he might as well find an opportunity to admit it and eliminate the possibility of danger. “Alright!”
 Dao Comprehension Sword agreed immediately and then sat beside him. She was very obedient and didn’t even feel nervous.
 She had a cold and beautiful face, but her eyes were full of smiles. She wasn’t guarded against him at all.
 Han Jue’s heart softened, but his hands were still very honest. He still had to do it!
 In the face of absolute power, feelings were very fragile.
 It wasn’t that Han Jue didn’t trust Dao Comprehension Sword, but that he did not trust Tai Sutian.
 He had to strengthen the Six Paths Insignia to prevent future trouble.
 Several days later. Dao Comprehension Sword walked out of the cave abode and came to Li Yao’s side.
 Li Yao asked curiously, “Why did Sect Master look for you?”
 Han Jue rarely took the initiative to call Dao Comprehension Sword.
 Dao Comprehension Sword smiled proudly. “It’s hard to say. Don’t ask.”
 As she spoke, she even threw a smug look at Tu Ling’er.
 Tu Ling’er curled her lips, her eyes filled with jealousy.
 Unlike the others, she didn’t want to acknowledge Han Jue as her master at first. She wanted another identity, but she didn’t get her wish.
 “Sigh, Master is becoming more and more unfathomable. I don’t even have a chance to interact with him. What should I do?”
 Tu Ling’er fell into deep worry. If a handsome man like Han Jue went out, he would definitely attract the favor of many peerless and ambitious women. At that time, how could she compete?
 Thirty years later.
 While cultivating, Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing the enemy while checking his emails. It had been more than two hundred years since he broke through to the Deity Realm. He had yet to break through to the Two Mystic Divine Origin, but he was not far away. In fact, he could rely on the Heavenly Dao Merit to break through, but he did not want to be controlled by the Heavenly Dao.
 In short, Han Jue’s mentality was not bad. He was neither anxious nor impatient.
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 [Your grand-disciple Fang Liang has comprehended the Heavenly Dao and his Mystical Power has improved.)
 [Your good friend Li Daokong was cursed by a mysterious curse. Because he has a Supreme Treasure, he is not affected.]
 [Your good friend Huang Zuntian was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your good friend Divine General has obtained a mysterious pill. His cultivation has increased greatly.] [Your good friend Zhou Fan was attacked by demons] x12229
 (Your good friend Mo Fuchou has joined the Darkness Sect and his providence has transformed.]
 [Your Dao Companion Xing Hongxuan has obtained the Human Emperor’s inheritance. Her cultivation has increased greatly.) (Your disciple Long Hao forcefully stepped into the Emperor Realm. His soul was punished by the Heavenly Dao. Fortunately, with the help of a mysterious mighty figure, his consciousness floated into the River of Destiny and observed?fate.]
 So many mysterious curses!
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 Currently, three people were pretending to be him: Zu Tu, Xue Minghe, and Jing Tiangong.
 Who knew if there was a fourth.
 Han Jue felt that there was, or even more. At this rate, the entire Immortal World would be cursed.
 Too chaotic!
 Han Jue noticed that Mo Fuchou had also joined the Darkness Sect. Why didn’t Zhou Fan join? Had the two brothers broken up again?
 As for Xing Hongxuan, she actually obtained the Human Emperor’s inheritance. As expected of my wife, her providence is indeed different.
 The one Han Jue cared about the most was Long Hao.
 This fellow had actually become an Immortal Emperor and was even prying into fate?
 What was he and Hao Tian doing?

