 The situation in the Immortal World had changed. Han Jue was only a bystander. He just needed to read the emails to relieve his boredom. There wasn’t much he could do.
 A month later.
 Han Jue continued cultivating. His target was still the Two Mystic Divine Origin. According to his estimation, he would break through in at most a hundred years.
 This cultivation speed was still very fast.
 Seventeen years later.
 In the Connate Cave Abode, three lines of words appeared in front of him.
 [Detected that you are 5,000 years old and your life has taken another step forward. You have the following choices:)
 (1: Immediately enter the calamity and fight for providence. You will rise in the chaotic calamity and shock the heavens. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone, a Mystical Power inheritance, and a Supreme Treasure.]
 [2: Ignore the tribulation temporarily and cultivate in a low profile manner. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone.]
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 Ever since the Immeasurable Calamity began, the choice of reward had leaned towards joining the calamity.
 This was luring him into the calamity!
 Han Jue refused.
 The calamity was too dangerous. It was good to cultivate in peace.
 Han Jue wanted to imitate the Dao Ancestor. He would only go out when he reached the peak of his cultivation. He would suppress the entire calamity alone.
 This is not my era!
 My era is the next calamity!
 Han Jue thought silently and chose the second option.
 [Congratulations on obtaining a Great Dao Fragment and a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone.)
 He was only one fragment away from the nine Great Dao Fragments!
 The Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone was used to upgrade Dharma treasures.
 Without hesitation, Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and started to upgrade it using the Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone.
 Since he wasn’t involved in the calamity, other offensive Dharma treasures were useless. Therefore, it was better to strengthen the Book of Misfortune. It could even change the situation.
 After the Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone fused with the Book of Misfortune, it emitted a black light that shone on Han Jue’s face.
 The entire cave abode looked sinister and terrifying, like a demonic cave.
 Seven days later.
 (Book of Misfortune upgraded from a Deity Realm Numinous Treasure to a Deity Realm Supreme Treasure.)
 Deity Realm Supreme Treasure!
 Without spending his lifespan, even Deity Realm existences could not stop the Book of Misfortune’s curse. If it absorbed lifespan, it would be even more useful.
 Han Jue decided to test the waters. He would curse Zu Tu first!
 Han Jue thought silently.
 Five days later, his lifespan began to decrease.
 On the other side.
 In the Divine Palace, Zu Tu was resisting Han Jue’s curse. He was shocked to find that the curse was stronger than before.
 This was a bad sign!
 After the Heavenly Dao Buddha and the Demon Emperor, he would be the next one attacked by the Dark Forbidden Lord?
 “Hmph, I want to see what you can do to me!”
 Zu Tu did not believe it and continued resisting the curse.
 The curse power continued to increase.
 About four hours passed.
 Zu Tu’s expression suddenly changed. He knew that something was wrong.
 He had no choice but to block with all his might.
 The next day. He took out the Dharma treasure he had long prepared. It was a red lotus flower. He held the red lotus in front of his abdomen, and endless red Qi entered his body.
 Even so, his face turned pale.
 In the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue’s eyes were already bloodshot.
 He had already lost eight billion years of his lifespan!
 He would stop in ten billion years!
 He stared at the attributes panel, afraid that his lifespan would decrease by a few extra years.
 Two hours later.
 He suddenly put down the Book of Misfortune. He had just squandered ten billion years of his lifespan!
 After exhaling, he muttered, “Awesome!”
 The Book of Misfortune had been upgraded. He didn’t believe that Zu Tu had not been cursed!
 On the other side.
 Zu Tu couldn’t help but spit out a mouthful of blood. He raised his right hand and pressed a few areas on his body, wanting to control the violent Dharmic powers.
 “Damn it… Why is his curse so strong? Is his cultivation level higher than mine, or is he using some special technique?”
 Zu Tu gritted his teeth, his eyes filled with anger. A prolonged curse would backfire on the user. Usually, curses would target a person for no more than a day, unlike the curse of the Dark Forbidden Lord that lasted for nearly ten days.
 If he was fighting during this period of time, what would happen?
 Zu Tu was terrified of the Dark Forbidden Lord for the first time. Previously, he was only afraid.
 “No, I have to find him!
 “Recently, the Darkness Sect has joined the Heavenly Court. Could it be that the Dark Forbidden Lord is from the Heavenly Court?”
 The more Zu Tu thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible.
 The Dao Sect and the Darkness Sect supported the Heavenly Court. It was obvious that there was a mysterious force behind all of this, wanting to push the Heavenly Court up the altar.
 Perhaps if he defeated the Heavenly Court, the Dark Forbidden Lord wouldn’t be able to sit still.
 As long as the Dark Forbidden Lord appeared, Zu Tu would have a way to kill him!
 Thinking of this, Zu Tu’s eyes turned cold.
 Twenty years later.
 Han Jue stopped cultivating and started to do the curse mission that occurred once every ten years.
 While cursing, he checked his emails.
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara.]
 (Your grand-disciple Fang Liang was attacked by your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara.]
 (Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure.]
 (Your good friend Huang Jihao has obtained the inheritance of a mighty figure. His Sword Dao has transformed. He’s a half-step Emperor Realm cultivator.]
 (Your disciple Long Hao has comprehended the Great Dao of Destiny. His cultivation has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was attacked by the Heavenly Court’s immortals and gods] X280
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian received guidance from a Sage and learned a Mystical Power. His cultivation and providence have increased greatly.]
 [Your good friend Zhou Fan has joined the Darkness Sect. His providence has transformed.]
 There had been no mysterious curse in the past ten years. It seemed that Xue Minghe and Zu Tu had stopped.
 However, Han Jue noticed that the Heavenly Emperor was attacked by immortals. He had always felt that there were many traitors in the Heavenly Court. Even the Heavenly Emperor’s most trusted Di Taibai was Immortal Emperor Samsara disguised. The other immortals couldn’t be completely loyal.
 Han Jue wasn’t worried. The Heavenly Emperor definitely had a way to deal with it. How could he be mediocre if he could sit on the Heavenly Emperor’s throne?
 In addition, Huang Zuntian attracted Han Jue’s attention.
 This fellow has already hooked up with a Sage?
 Han Jue felt that he had to be careful when he saw Huang Zuntian in the future. What if the Saint erased the Six Paths Insignia in the depths of Huang Zuntian’s soul and turned him into a puppet to plot against him?
 It was very likely!
 Sages couldn’t enter the world and could only control pawns.
 Just like the one in Nüwa Palace.
 Just as Han Jue was thinking, a majestic pressure descended and enveloped the entire Nine Nether Purgatory.
 Immediately after, a domineering roar sounded.
 “All living beings of the Heavenly Dao, listen up. The Divine Palace is a puppet supported by the Devil Race. After obtaining power, it wants to slaughter all living beings. Kill the disciples of the Divine Palace and you can obtain merits. You will be rewarded according to your contributions. Bring the token of the Divine Palace disciples to the Heavenly Court to receive the reward. You can become a god or an immortal. You can enjoy the Heavenly Dao Merit!
 “Kill Zu Tu and you’ll be conferred the title of Emperor in the Heavenly Court!”
 The Heavenly Emperor’s voice!
 Han Jue was surprised. What happened? He didn’t see that the Heavenly Emperor was severely injured, so he couldn’t directly contact him. What if the Heavenly Emperor was fighting?
 Han Jue couldn’t help but sigh. How many sins had the Devil Race committed? The greatest burden in the world was on them.
 He knew that Zu Tu was not from the Devil Race, but the former vice sect master of the Jie School.
 However, there were many traitors in the Jie School. The current Zu Tu might not be on the Jie School’s side. They might even be mortal enemies.

