 Over the long years, the devils had always played an evil role. Many conspirators had even thrown their sins on the devils.
 It was as if all the evil could have been done by the devils.
 Duan Hongchen shook his head and smiled. “Not necessarily. The calamity has already arrived. Who still cares about the Devil Race? Forgive me for speaking bluntly, the attractiveness of the Heavenly Court is only limited to mortals. In the Immortal World, as long as one has a good background, there are really not many people who like the Heavenly Court.”
 Murong Qi snorted. “No matter what, the Heavenly Court is more attractive than the Divine Palace. The Divine Palace’s prodigy is already gone.”
 He came from the Divine Palace, but he hated it.
 “Don’t speak nonsense. Master supports the Heavenly Court!” The Black Hell Chicken reminded.
 Everyone couldn’t help but look at the Connate Cave Abode.
 Tu Ling’er asked curiously, “Say, if Master brings our Hidden Sect to help the Heavenly Court, will the Heavenly Court win the calamity?” Diamond Rage laughed. “Of course. You’re all prodigies. The Sect Master is even stronger than the Heavenly Emperor. With such a force joining, who can stop it?”
 Murong Qi smiled and said, “That’s right, but Grandmaster wants us to cultivate well. This calamity is not suitable for us. When the next calamity comes, we will all be Immortal Emperors and Deities. Perhaps we will give birth to Zenith Heaven. At that time, won’t we sweep through the myriad worlds?”
 After interacting with each other for so long, they knew each other’s talents. They were really all geniuses!
 Chu Shiren’s eyes lit up. Hearing Murong Qi’s words, he seemed to have thought of something
 He looked at the Connate Cave Abode with reverence.
 “Don’t forget that senior called Lü Bu!” Xun Chang’an suddenly said.
 Everyone couldn’t help but look at the seaside of Hidden Sect Island. They were all terrified.
 They had all challenged Zu Tu in the simulation trial. Even Diamond Rage had been insta-killed!
 Perhaps in the future, the Golden Crow Divine Clan would still need his protection!
 The more Jiang Yi thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible.
 Han Jue was too terrifying. His talent was unparalleled and he had been hiding his strength! Han Jue was cultivating, so he didn’t take the conversation of the Hidden Sect seriously.
 They had to gossip to soften the passage of long and boring years. Otherwise, it would be too boring
 In the blink of an eye.
 Thirty years passed!
 Han Jue finally had a chance to break through.
 He was very excited. It had been nearly three hundred years, and he was finally about to break through. He almost suffocated to death.
 Han Jue didn’t even curse the enemy and directly started to break through.
 The surging negative karma around Hidden Sect Island began to surge like a silent storm. It was majestic and emitted pressure.
 The breakthrough of the Deity Realm was to increase the essence of his Divine Origin, allowing the essence of his Dharmic powers to constantly break through the limits.
 When his Dharmic powers and soul reached perfection, it would be the opportunity to reach the Zenith Heaven Realm!
 Han Jue had the Stellar Primordial Body and the Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao. He only needed to constantly absorb negative karma, he didn’t need to go out to find a technique.
 The Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao was a Great Dao cultivation technique that Han Jue had exchanged for with nine Great Dao Fragments. Even the entire Immortal World might not contain such a cultivation technique!
 The negative karma of the Nine Nether Purgatory was endless. It was enough for Han Jue to cultivate for countless years.
 Time passed.
 Eight years later.
 Han Jue finally broke through! His Divine Origin Dharmic powers had transformed!
 Two Mystic Divine Origin!
 Han Jue became stronger again. This feeling was too wonderful, causing him to make indescribable sounds.
 As he consolidated his cultivation, he checked his attributes panel.
 [Name: Han Jue]
 (Race: Primordial Fiendcelestial]
 (Cultivation: Two Mystic Divine Origin]
 [Technique: Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao, Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering]
 (Great Dao: Great Dao of Life and Death, Great Dao of Karma]
 Han Jue almost cursed!
 As expected of a breakthrough to the Deity Realm. His lifespan had increased far beyond the Emperor Realm!
 There were too many numbers, Han Jue couldn’t count anymore.
 The lifespan deducted previously was directly refreshed as he broke through. Perhaps it was not refreshed, but nine was the highest number.
 What was this?
 109 quadrillion?
 A hundred million years suddenly became insignificant.
 Next, he could play it bigger!
 Han Jue had a bold thought!
 He had nearly ten quadrillion years of life to squander now. It was simply too much!
 Han Jue spent two years consolidating his cultivation.
 Then, he took out the Book of Misfortune, took a deep breath, and started cursing.
 This time, he directly cursed the Divine Palace!
 He wanted to curse the Divine Palace’s providence!
 He would first use 10 billion years to curse them!
 He would then use another 50 billion years to play with Zu Tu!
 Han Jue didn’t believe that he couldn’t destroy the Divine Palace.
 Not only could taking revenge on the Divine Palace resolve the problem for the Heavenly Emperor, but it could also avenge his grand-disciple, Murong Qi. He was at ease and did not feel any burden. Ten quadrillion minus sixty billion years was… how much?
 Han Jue couldn’t be bothered to calculate, but he knew that it was still the number equivalent to longevity. Five days later.
 Han Jue’s lifespan began to decrease, and the Divine Palace began to suffer.
 After breaking through, his lifespan decreased even faster. The main reason was that his curse power was also becoming stronger, so the consumption was naturally faster.
 Two days later, he lost six billion years of his lifespan. He continued.
 Divine Palace.
 Zu Tu sat in the hall and circulated his energy to resist the curse.
 “Report-The Rage God Emperor has been cursed by the Dark Forbidden Lord!”
 “Report-All Golden Frost Palace disciples are being cursed by the Dark Forbidden Lord!”
 “Report—Some new disciples couldn’t withstand the curse and were destroyed in body and soul!”
 “Report…”
 The voices of the Divine Palace cultivators came from outside the hall. There were already hundreds of people kneeling in front of the hall, representing the various branches of the Divine Palace. Zu Tu had a dark expression. He did not reply.
 He couldn’t.
 The Dark Forbidden Lord was too crazy!
 He actually cursed the entire Divine Palace!
 He was definitely from the Heavenly Court!
 Absolutely! Swearing, Zu Tu took out his Book of Curses to curse the entire Heavenly Court.
 Soon, he sadly discovered that the Heavenly Court was protected by the providence of the Heavenly Dao. He couldn’t curse it at all.
 Indignant, he decided to use his lifespan.
 Using his life to fight against the Heavenly Dao, it shouldn’t be able to stop him!
 But to curse the entire Heavenly Court, how much lifespan did he have to consume?
 The lifespan of a Zenith Heaven cultivator was almost endless, and they could live through ten thousand calamities without dying. However, if he expended too much, it would endanger his body and soul, causing even more intense injuries.
 On the other side.
 After Han Jue saw that he had lost ten billion years of his lifespan, he immediately stopped and adjusted his aura.
 (Because of your curse, the Divine Palace’s providence has decreased. Thousands of Immortal Realm disciples have died.)
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief. Their providence finally decreased.
 As for those cannon fodder, Han Jue could only silently pray for them not to enter the Divine Palace in their next life.
 After resting for half a day, Han Jue started cursing Zu Tu.

