 It was good to take care of Zu Tu as soon as possible to prevent any trouble later.
 Zu Tu was no longer the greatest winner of the Immeasurable Calamity. He was at most a shit-stirrer now. Even if he died, it wouldn’t affect the overall situation.
 On the other side.
 Zu Tu was cursed by Han Jue. As the power of the curse strengthened, he had no choice but to put down his Book of Curses and begin to resist the curse.
 “Damn it, my curse book is still too poor. Not to mention the Dark Forbidden Lord, even the Heavenly Emperor is not affected.”
 Zu Tu was secretly vexed. He was puzzled. Where did the Dark Forbidden Lord’s Book of Curses come from?
 There were too many Dark Forbidden Lords in the Immortal World cursing the enemy, causing the tribulation aura to change.
 In the past, he had schemed and fought with all his might.
 Now, he was hiding in the dark and cursing desperately, so that the enemy would not be able to guess it!
 Zu Tu was vexed as he resisted the curse.
 Several days later.
 The curse from the Dark Forbidden Lord had yet to stop when Zu Tu panicked.
 This curse was even more powerful than before!
 Could it be that the Dark Forbidden Lord was determined to kill him?
 It was definitely related to the Heavenly Emperor!
 Damn the Heavenly Emperor!
 Zu Tu was puzzled. Who was behind the Heavenly Emperor?
 Could it be a Sage?
 Zu Tu’s pupils dilated.
 Sage…
 The Sage of Nüwa Imperial Palace had already helped him. It was not impossible for other Sages to appear. The more Zu Tu thought about it, the more panicked he became.
 At this moment, his Dharmic powers began to surge, wreaking havoc on his body, making him feel even more uncomfortable.
 However, the torture continued.
 Half a day later.
 Boom
 Zu Tu couldn’t help but spit out a mouthful of blood essence. His eyes began to bleed.
 The injuries on his body were still fine as long as his soul was not injured.
 Zu Tu racked his brains to think of a countermeasure. From the looks of it, the Dark Forbidden Lord would definitely curse for a period of time. He couldn’t just wait for death.
 Zu Tu suddenly had an idea.
 He suddenly shouted, “Heavenly Emperor, you are cruel and heartless. You cursed the billions of disciples of my Divine Palace and even accused us of being devils. I only wanted to trick the Dark Forbidden Lord. You can’t hide anymore!
 “After the Heavenly Dao Buddha and the Demon Emperor, I was also cursed by the Heavenly Emperor and am about to die. All living beings, listen up. The Heavenly Emperor is definitely not a good person to fight for the providence with such actions. If the Heavenly Court really unites the myriad worlds in the universe, the dark era will arrive!” Zu Tu sent out a wisp of his soul and vanished into the darkness. He self-destructed as well, destroying his body and soul.
 Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 Han Jue’s lifespan had already decreased by more than thirty billion years. His consciousness was dizzy.
 Just as he was about to collapse, he heard Zu Tu’s voice.
 He immediately stopped cursing and heaved a sigh of relief.
 “Damn it, it seems that it’s impossible to spend a hundred billion years.”
 Han Jue thought silently. When his lifespan decreased by more than 15 billion years, he began to feel dizzy and extremely uncomfortable.
 It wasn’t so easy to spend one’s lifespan.
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 At this moment.
 Golden rain poured down from the Nine Nether Purgatory. The rain fell into the darkness and was devoured by negative karma.
 Everyone from the Hidden Sect exclaimed.
 “Zu Tu is also dead?”
 “Another Zenith Heaven has fallen. The calamity is really becoming more and more terrifying.”
 “The Heavenly Emperor is the Dark Forbidden Lord?”
 “Who dares to fight with the Heavenly Court
 now?”
 “Fortunately, we hid. Otherwise, we would have suffered as well.”
 Everyone chatted and laughed. Jiang Yi’s expression was extremely ugly.
 He had indeed heard his elders mention that they wanted to go against the Heavenly Court.
 “I hope they’re smart…”
 “Damn it, so the Dark Forbidden Lord is the Heavenly Emperor! No wonder!”
 Jiang Yi trembled in fear. Every time he saw the Heavenly Emperor, he felt as if he had been seen through. It was extremely strange.
 While they were still marveling, Han Jue felt inexplicably uneasy.
 For some reason, he felt that something was wrong.
 It was mainly because something was wrong with Zu Tu’s words.
 It wasn’t the hatred of the Demon Emperor and the Heavenly Dao Buddha before their deaths. It was only anger. Is he faking his death?
 However, the Heavenly Dao phenomenon outside was real.
 Immediately, Han Jue scolded himself. What was there to guess? He directly asked the system!
 “Is Zu Tu dead?”
 (A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [A remnant soul remains.]
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 As expected of the number one in the calamity, he couldn’t even be cursed to death.
 Oh no, he was escaping!
 This time, the Heavenly Court and the Heavenly Emperor were in trouble!
 Of the four overlord factions, three of their leaders had been cursed to death by the Heavenly Emperor. How could this be?
 If Han Jue was from another force, he would definitely target the Heavenly Emperor.
 If the Heavenly Court did not collapse, how could they fight for the providence?
 Han Jue was vexed. Did his actions harm the Heavenly Emperor?
 No!
 He was helping the Heavenly Emperor, but Zu Tu was cunning. If he couldn’t win, he would defame the other party. Ridiculous!
 Han Jue was furious.
 But he had to rest. The dizziness was still there.
 A Deity Realm mighty figure was actually dizzy. It would be a joke if word got out. It could only mean that the price of the curse was too high.
 If not for the Book of Misfortune, Han Jue wouldn’t dare to curse so easily.
 (Book of Misfortune: Deity Realm Supreme Treasure. It can curse living beings and bring misfortune to the other party. At the same time, it will not be detected by the other party.)
 The unnoticeable characteristic was perfectly used by Han Jue and developed.
 A month later.
 Han Jue recovered and took out the Heavenly Dao Token to ask about the Heavenly Emperor.
 The Heavenly Emperor smiled. “What are you afraid of? This is even better! I want all living beings to fear me! I want to end the calamity. Only by uniting can I bring peace to the myriad worlds!”
 Han Jue was speechless. He had been worried for so long, but he didn’t expect the Heavenly Emperor to be so smug.
 “Your Majesty, you still have to be careful. There might be other powerful enemies hidden in the Immortal World. For example, the previous Hao Tian and Immortal Emperor Samsara who stayed near you in disguise.” Han Jue had to remind him.
 As the Heavenly Court’s master, the Heavenly Emperor had always been in the open and could be easily plotted against.
 The Heavenly Emperor said, “I know. Actually, I didn’t want to unite the Immortal World initially. Now that the situation is changing, I can’t retreat anymore. I have to face the difficulties. The entire Heavenly Court is looking forward to me unifying the Immortal World. I can’t stop.”
 These words were said very calmly. Han Jue couldn’t hear his uneasiness or hesitation, only determination.
 Knowing that there was a tiger on the mountain, he chose to walk towards it!
 Han Jue sighed secretly.
 He wanted to save Heavenly Court, but it fell deeper and deeper.
 Was this the Immeasurable Calamity?
 Was this fate?
 Han Jue fell silent.
 Could it be that he had already entered the calamity?
 On careful thought, he was indeed a little overwhelmed.
 “Forget it. I just need to have a clear conscience and try my best. If there’s really no other way, I can only protect myself.”
 Han Jue’s eyes became firm.
 Since the Heavenly Emperor couldn’t retreat, he might as well help him win!
 The Heavenly Emperor’s voice sounded again, “Recently, the Human School has sent over a batch of holy pills, among which are Dao pills that can help Deity Realm cultivators cultivate. Do you want them? I’ll give you ten.”
 Han Jue said, “Forget it. Save it for the immortals of the Heavenly Court. If you give it to me, I won’t be able to help you either. It’s a waste.”
 The Heavenly Emperor said indifferently, “It’s fine. You’re definitely on my side, but they might not be.”

