 Han Jue asked Liu Bei to go and retrieve it.
 At present, the restriction of the Nine Nether Purgatory was very weak. Liu Bei could forcefully break out.
 With Liu Bei’s cautious personality, nothing should happen.
 After he left, Han Jue continued cultivating.
 This storm made him realize how terrifying the calamity was. He had to have greater strength to deal with it.
 “I have to say, these enemies are really powerful. I can’t even kill them in secret.”
 Han Jue sighed in his heart. He admired Zu Tu and Hao Tian a little.
 Especially Zu Tu. He could even harm the Heavenly Emperor with his death. How ruthless.
 This time, the Divine Palace would probably be in chaos.
 The chaos in the Divine Palace and the Demon Court might make the Immortal World even more chaotic.
 Should he calculate the Heavenly Emperor’s future?
 Han Jue had an idea.
 Yes!
 He couldn’t always consider the calamity. After all, he focused on saving the Heavenly Emperor.
 Han Jue thought silently, “I want to know how the Heavenly Emperor died.”
 (500 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Han Jue felt dizzy, then his consciousness was pulled into the scene.
 He opened his eyes again and discovered that he had arrived in a bright hall. The hall was dilapidated. When he looked up, he could even see the blue sky and white clouds outside the hall.
 A disheveled Heavenly Emperor sat on the throne, breathing heavily.
 Han Juels gaze landed on a figure at the entrance of the hall.
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 This figure was…
 “Heavenly Emperor, it’s time for the Heavenly Court to change owners!” A cold voice sounded as the person walked into the hall.
 Han Jue focused his gaze. Wasn’t this Long Hao?
 Wait!
 Could it be that he had already been possessed by Hao Tian?
 The Heavenly Emperor looked up at Long Hao coldly. “Unfilial son, do you want to kill your father?”
 Dressed in black, Long Hao said calmly, “I’ve given you a chance. If you insist, shouldn’t I inherit the Heavenly Emperor position? Why did you choose the Divine General?”
 The Heavenly Emperor said, “The Heavenly Emperor position doesn’t depend on strength, but prestige and methods. You and Hao Tian are too close. You have already become his puppet. In the previous calamity, although you obtained great providence, you also made countless enemies. If you are the Heavenly Court’s master, how can you lead it to prosperity?” “Hmph, you don’t trust me. You trust the Divine General, the Heavenly God General, and my master. You don’t trust your son because you’re afraid of Hao Tian. You want to obtain achievements that surpass Hao Tian in the Heavenly Emperor position!”
 Long Hao’s tone was filled with jealousy and unwillingness.
 Han Jue frowned as he listened.
 Crap!
 This kid went astray?
 However, on careful thought, he felt that Long Hao’s desire to become the Heavenly Emperor was not wrong.
 If the Heavenly Emperor gave up his position and did not give it to Long Hao, there was indeed a reason for him to be unhappy. However, the Divine General’s contributions were indeed great. He could be said to be the Heavenly Emperor’s most trusted aide. He could also be the Heavenly Emperor. Who said that the position of Heavenly Emperor was hereditary?
 Regarding the Heavenly Emperor’s position, Han Jue did not want to take sides.
 However, if Long Hao killed his father because of this, that would be too much!
 Long Hao approached the Heavenly Emperor step by step and said coldly, “Father, I’ll call you one last time. If not for the help of the Dark Forbidden Lord, the Heavenly Court would have long been destroyed in the last calamity. You’re really not suitable to be the Heavenly Emperor because you’re not strong enough!”
 He suddenly raised his palm and slapped at the Heavenly Emperor. His surging Dharmic powers transformed into a golden dragon that quickly flew over and wrapped around the Heavenly Emperor like a chain.
 The golden dragon opened its mouth and began to absorb the Heavenly Emperor’s soul.
 The Heavenly Emperor did not struggle. He was already powerless to resist.
 He slowly closed his eyes and sighed. “The so-called Heavenly Dao is only a bigger pawn. When you become the Heavenly Emperor, you will definitely regret it.”
 The scene shattered.
 It meant that the Heavenly Emperor would die in Long Hao’s hands.
 Han Jue opened his eyes and fell into deep thought.
 He caught something. The Heavenly Emperor said that Long Hao had made countless enemies in the last Immeasurable Calamity. In other words, the Heavenly Court and the Heavenly Emperor could survive this current calamity!
 That’s good!
 Han Jue couldn’t help but smile.
 It was good enough to survive this calamity. It seemed that the direction of the calamity had changed again.
 No.
 It’s because I’m powerful!
 Han Jue was secretly pleased. After the calamity ended, he would definitely be stronger. At that time, he would stop Long Hao from killing his father.
 Han Jue suddenly thought of something.
 The Heavenly Emperor seemed to trust him unconditionally and accommodated him in all sorts of ways, but he was very strict with his son. Why was that?
 “I want to know why the Heavenly Emperor treats me so well.” Han Jue continued to ask in his heart.
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Two billion years?
 Han Jue was shocked.
 The highest so far had only been a billion years!
 What did that mean?
 It involved an existence far beyond Zu Tu!
 Could it be a Sage?
 Han Jue immediately chose to continue.
 He wanted to see who stood behind the Heavenly Emperor.
 Although the Heavenly Emperor treated him very well, Han Jue had to be wary.
 The Heavenly Emperor had already said that the Heavenly Dao was a pawn, let alone him.
 Han Jue’s consciousness faded again.
 He came to a hall. This hall was extremely vast and dark. It was as spectacular as the Great Ultimate Hall.
 The Heavenly Emperor knelt in front of a mat. There was no one on it. It was very strange.
 An ancient voice sounded, “The Heavenly Dao’s Immeasurable Calamity is a minor calamity. The Great Dao’s Immeasurable Calamity is the major calamity. The Heavenly Court is supported by the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao is the most impartial. The Heavenly Court cannot reign alone, and the immortals cannot control all living beings. This is the trial of the immortals. The Heavenly Court’s hope is not in the next Immeasurable Calamity but the following one.”
 The Heavenly Emperor was deep in thought.
 After a while, he looked up and asked, “Is it me or others?”
 “Others.”
 “I hope that Sage can enlighten me.” “From the mortal world.”
 “The mortal world…” the Heavenly Emperor muttered to himself as if he had thought of something.
 The scene shattered.
 Han Jue opened his eyes.
 It was indeed the Sage’s words!
 The Heavenly Emperor was not only good to him, but also to the Divine General who had also been a mortal.
 No wonder the Heavenly Emperor did not choose Long Hao.
 Han Jue didn’t continue to check who that Sage was. It wasn’t good to know more.
 Han Jue had always been very wary of Sages and didn’t want to get involved easily.
 Continue cultivating!
 In the blink of an eye, fifty years passed.
 Han Jue’s cultivation level increased steadily. During this period of time, he had been paying attention to the emails.
 He was surprised to find that after Zu Tu faked his death, the Heavenly Court did not suffer any crazy attacks. Instead, it entered a peaceful state. He had asked the Heavenly Emperor and learned that the Heavenly Court had already begun to take over the Divine Palace’s territory.
 Zu Tu’s escape had instead helped the Heavenly Emperor.
 Han Jue couldn’t judge. He felt that something big was about to happen.
 From the looks of it, the Heavenly Court was about to unite the Immortal World!
 He was afraid that the Heavenly Court’s allies would betray them!
 Although Han Jue was worried, it was useless. He could only control himself and cultivate in peace.
 Until this day.
 Han Jue was cursed again.
 “Indeed, the calamity is far from over!”
 Han Jue cursed silently and started to deduce who was cursing him. In a dark cave abode, Han Jue saw a white-robed man holding a simple book and cursing
 This white-robed man was extremely ugly. He was Greedy Lord, the person who would disguise himself as Han Jue in the future according to the derivation.

