 Han Jue was puzzled. Could it be that someone wanted to avoid calamity like him?
 He asked, “Does Empress know their background?”
 Empress Houtu said, “I don’t. That’s why I’m reminding you. Recently, the heavenly secrets have been in chaos. It’s suspected that a Sage has taken action. The calamity will become even more complicated.”
 Han Jue asked in surprise, “Aren’t you a Sage too? Which Sage did it?”
 “Who said I’m a Sage? I’m only relying on reincarnation to be undying and indestructible. I can’t compare to a Sage in terms of Dao Fruit.”
 Han Jue knew that this was bad.
 He had overestimated his backing!
 “However, it’s not that easy for a Sage to target me!” Empress Houtu changed the topic, her tone filled with confidence. Han Jue asked, “Is there a place or Dharma treasure in this world that can avoid the prying of a Sage?”
 “Of course. There are some danger zones like the Nine Nether Purgatory and the Dark Forbidden Zone that even Sages can’t directly spy on. Sages can only spy on the Heavenly Dao. There are also Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasures that can resist the prying of Sages. In short, although Sages are omnipotent, they can’t act recklessly.”
 Empress Houtu’s answer made Han Jue heave a sigh of relief.
 That was good. If only his Dao Field could not be spied on by the Sages, the Sages would definitely know that he was the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 How could he continue?
 Empress Houtu teased, “Do you also have a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure? I can’t even deduce where the Nether Race is.”
 Han Jue laughed dryly, tacitly agreeing.
 This was the only way. He not only had a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure!
 It seemed that the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus had an even stronger function.
 Han Jue said, “Empress, don’t worry. I’ll protect the Nether Race.”
 Empress Houtu said, “Actually, as long as you hide well, you shouldn’t be discovered.” “I’ll hide well.”
 “Mm.”
 Empress Houtu dissipated into smoke, and countless stars scattered.
 Han Jue retracted his divine sense.
 He controlled Hidden Sect Island to move and change locations to avoid being exposed.
 Two hours later.
 Han Jue asked in his heart, “I want to know if anyone knows that I’m the Dark Forbidden Lord. Including the Sages.”
 (A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Eh?
 His lifespan would also be deducted from his own karmic derivation?
 Could it be that it involved a Sage?
 Han Jue silently chose to continue.
 If he didn’t ask clearly, it would be difficult for him to cultivate in peace.
 [No]
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the response.
 Thinking about it carefully, it made sense. Han Jue had been cursing in the Dao Field. While the enemies of the curse were becoming stronger, the Dao Field was also increasing. When he started to threaten the Sages’ pawns, he had already entered the Nine Nether Purgatory. The Sages couldn’t predict it.
 Before this, the Sages had no reason to be calculative.
 Perhaps they knew that he was different, but they didn’t associate him with the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 Han Jue was relieved, and his mood became good again.
 He had to be more careful in the future.
 Han Jue began to improve his Sword Dao Mystical Powers. In half a year, he raised them all to the limit of the Deity Realm, but he couldn’t touch the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 If he wanted to reach the Zenith Heaven Realm, he had to defeat Li Daokong, who was at the end of the Sword Dao River.
 This fellow was unreasonably strong!
 In the simulation trial, Han Jue could already fight against a Six Mystic Divine Origin. However, when facing Li Daokong, even if he couldn’t break through the defense of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus, he would still find it difficult to defeat him.
 The difference in strength between the two disciples of the Human School was extremely great.
 Han Jue even suspected that the Sect Master was afraid that Li Daokong would be too arrogant, so he arranged for Li Xuan’ao, this junior, to restrain him.
 With Li Xuan’ao around, Li Daokong shouldn’t dare to act recklessly.
 However, Li Daokong was capable of severing karma.
 After upgrading his Sword Dao Mystical Power, Han Jue began to consider other aspects.
 Apart from being the descendant of an Immortal Emperor, he also had three Connate providences.
 (Unparalleled: Immortal beauty, top-notch charm]
 [Destined Sword Fanatic: Top-notch Sword Dao aptitude, top-notch Sword Dao learning ability]
 [Unparalleled Movement Technique: Top-notch movement technique aptitude]
 Han Jue felt that he could develop the providences of charm and movement techniques.
 ‘Unparalleled Movement Technique’, as the name implied, could raise one’s movement technique Mystical Power. This was easy to comprehend.
 Unparalleled could also be developed!
 His inspiration came from Empress Houtu.
 Han Jue discovered that he easily gained a favorable impression of Empress Houtu. This meant that she was extremely charming. No matter how she cultivated, this was the truth.
 Thinking about it carefully, she was the only one who survived in the Magus Race. Other than karma and reincarnation, there had to be another reason.
 If Han Jue could make his charm reach the extreme and make anyone have a favorable impression of him, wouldn’t he be invincible?
 Han Jue realized that he had discovered a strange idea.
 The Great Dao of Charm!
 Five years later.
 Han Jue raised the Great Traversal Divine Shadow to the maximum level he could reach.
 (Great Traversal Divine Shadow: In battle, it can elevate speed and reaction. It can split into divine shadows and confuse the opponent. It can also directly travel through the myriad worlds. It’s extremely powerful.]
 He could already split into a thousand divine shadows. The aura was completely identical to his main body. He could easily confuse his opponent in battle!
 Han Jue tested it in the simulation trial.
 With the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus, he was already invincible among the Deity Realm.
 If he didn’t use the Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure, no one below the Six Mystic Divine Origin would be his match. Even if he battled one, he could still forcefully hold on for a period of time.
 Han Jue’s goal was to try not to use the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus to prevent the Zenith Heaven and Sages from spying on him.
 Of course, if he could insta-kill the enemy, he could still use it.
 As long as he moved quickly, he would not be discovered.
 After becoming stronger, Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing his enemies while checking his emails.
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian was attacked by disciples of the Chan School] x480 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by demons] x422103
 (Your disciple Long Hao established the Providence Sect. His providence has increased greatly.]
 [Your good friend Divine General has obtained the Ancient Heavenly Emperor’s inheritance. His cultivation has increased greatly and he has stepped into the Deity Realm.] (Your good friend Tai Sutian has gone through the mortal world and become someone facing calamity.]
 (Your Dao Companion Xing Hongxuan has obtained the providence of the Human Emperor. Her cultivation has increased greatly.)
 (Your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara was attacked by the Golden Crow Divine Clan] X204
 Han Jue clicked his tongue in wonder.
 They all looked amazing.
 This kid, Fang Liang, had transcended into the primordial era for the second time. What was he doing?
 If not for his favorability towards him not decreasing, Han Jue would have treated him as a potential enemy.
 Long Hao actually established a sect and indeed wanted to go against the Heavenly Court.
 Hao Tian was really impressive. He actually succeeded in brainwashing him.
 The Heavenly Emperor really wanted to support the Divine General as the next Heavenly Emperor. This treatment was directly raised to the Deity Realm. Han Jue was extremely envious.
 And Tai Sutian.
 No wonder she had descended into the mortal world. It was to wash away karma so that she could enter the calamity. Nüwa had planned well!
 Han Jue’s eyes became gentle when he saw Xing Hongxuan’s actions.
 He wondered how this girl had been doing recently.
 Wait!
 From the looks of it, could it be that this woman had become someone facing the calamity?
 Han Jue’s expression changed.

