 Han Jue cursed as he asked in his mind. Xing Hongxuan was the first cultivator Han Jue knew. Apart from Elder Iron, she often gave Han Jue resources in the beginning. He had always remembered this favor.
 Even if a better woman than Xing Hongxuan appeared in the future, her status in Han Jue’s heart would not change.
 [Ten million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Three words appeared in front of Han Jue.
 (She will die.)
 Han Jue knew that this was bad.
 He continued to ask, “Who will kill her?”
 (Ten million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Han Jue felt dizzy. He came to the scene.
 He opened his eyes and discovered that he was in a glorious hall. Dressed in a dragon and phoenix golden robe, Xing Hongxuan was sitting on a dragon throne.
 After reincarnation, she was even more beautiful. Her brows were cold and sharp, and she had the domineering aura of an emperor. Her black hair was tied into a bun, and her red lips and red eyes were like shadows. She stared at the entrance of the hall.
 A woman slowly walked in.
 Isn’t this Dao Comprehension Sword?
 No!
 Tai Sutian!
 Tai Sutian wore a black robe and held a green jade sword. She entered the hall expressionlessly.
 Xing Hongxuan asked, “Is this his intention?”
 Tai Sutian said expressionlessly, “You’ve already entered the calamity. He wants to sever karma now. Do you want to resist his will?” Xing Hongxuan frowned, her eyes filled with sorrow.
 She took a deep breath and her expression became determined. “It’s all thanks to him that I reached where I am today. If he wants me to die, I’ll die.”
 She closed her eyes. “Go ahead.”
 Tai Sutian raised her hand and waved her sword. Sword light flashed, and the scene in front of Han Jue shattered.  Han Jue’s consciousness returned to reality. He frowned.
 Tai Sutian pretended to be Dao Comprehension Sword and sent a fake message to kill Xing Hongxuan?
 Damn it!
 Fortunately, he had checked in advance. Otherwise, such a melodramatic plot would have happened to him.
 No!
 He couldn’t let this Tai Sutian live!
 Han Jue decided to add Tai Sutian to the curse list that happened once every ten years.
 “Looks like if I don’t enter the calamity, it will also drown the people around me.”
 Han Jue thought silently. He felt really stressed.
 Although he didn’t transcend the calamity, he was fighting against the heavens. Perhaps this was the helplessness of an expert.
 Han Jue sighed and continued cursing.
 A month later, he finished cursing all his enemies and started cultivating.
 In the blink of an eye.
 Twelve years passed.
 Time seemed to have stopped in the Nine Nether Purgatory as it finally welcomed turmoil. A huge hole was suddenly torn open in a dark area. Figures flew in one after another, and many of them held huge islands. The commotion was huge and extremely spectacular.
 Han Jue was alarmed. Not only him, but Diamond Rage, Jiang Yi, and the others also felt a huge aura coming.
 “No one is allowed to leave this island! No one is allowed to spread their divine sense!” Han Jue immediately instructed. He didn’t dare to spy for fear of exposing his location.
 Who was it?
 Han Jue immediately asked in his heart.
 (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 (Jie School]
 Jie School?
 Han Jue frowned.
 At the same time.
 In the void, Huang Zuntian followed beside Jing Tiangong and looked around curiously.
 Jing Tiangong held a red flag and emitted a light to block negative karma for all Jie School disciples.
 He praised, “Zuntian, your plan is not bad. The Nine Nether Purgatory is indeed empty. Our Jie School should be able to stay here.”
 Huang Zuntian said respectfully, “Vice Sect Master is still the best. You have a Supreme Treasure that can isolate negative karma. Otherwise, my plan would have been for nothing.”
 Jing Tiangong laughed.
 More and more Jie School disciples flew into the Nine Nether Purgatory. They didn’t go too deep and began to put down the various islands. The elders scattered in all directions and began to cast array formations.
 Jing Tiangong suddenly asked, “Zuntian, do you think Jie School can win against this calamity?”
 Huang Zuntian replied, “The Jie School is a Sage Sect. How can we not have a chance of winning? However, I feel that the next calamity will be more stable. Now that there’s the mysterious and unknown Dark Forbidden Lord and the powerful Heavenly Court, the Jie School won’t be able to enter the calamity.”
 Jing Tiangong nodded and asked, “What do you think of the Dark Forbidden Lord?”
 Again!
 Huang Zuntian cursed silently.
 Everyone knew that Jing Tiangong worshiped the Dark Forbidden Lord and boasted to everyone.
 How would the Sect Master dare to let such a person be the Vice Sect Master?
 Huang Zuntian couldn’t figure it out and felt that the entire Jie School was not smart.
 “The Dark Forbidden Lord has remarkable abilities. He killed many powerful figures while staying hidden. It can be said to be world-shattering. However, no one knows his intentions. The Jie School needs to face it cautiously,” Huang Zuntian said seriously.
 Jing Tiangong smiled and said, “Do you think the Dark Forbidden Lord is also hidden in the Nine Nether Purgatory?”
 Huang Zuntian’s expression turned ugly.
 If the Dark Forbidden Lord was here, what would happen?
 He still wanted to cultivate properly!
 “I hope not…” Huang Zuntian forced a smile.
 Jing Tiangong smiled faintly and did not say anything else. He looked at the disciples.
 Things quickly calmed down. The Jie School disciples did not dare to wander around in the Nine Nether Purgatory. Their position was very far from the Hidden Sect Island, so they did not disturb Han Jue.
 Everyone from the Hidden Sect was very curious about who had arrived.
 However, Han Jue strictly forbade them from spreading their divine sense. Thus, they could only discuss with each other.
 After confirming that the Jie School would not affect him, Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 “Why do I have a bad feeling…”
 Han Jue frowned and thought, “Will more forces escape to the Nine Nether Purgatory to avoid the calamity in the future?”
 Damn it!
 Weren’t they afraid of negative karma?
 Han Jue was helpless. He could only suppress his confusion and continue cultivating.
 Time passed.
 Year after year passed.
 To mortals, a year was a long time.
 To cultivators in seclusion, a year was very short.
 Fifty years passed in the blink of an eye.
 On this day, Han Jue stopped cultivating and started cursing the enemy while checking his emails.
 The Immortal World was very calm over this period. There were fewer battles and all sorts of opportunities.
 After Fang Liang’s soul transmigrated, he did not seem to return. He didn’t understand what he was doing.
 As long as it didn’t affect Han Jue, he couldn’t be bothered to stop it.
 At this moment…
 An angry shout sounded. “I’m Di Lantian, the Golden Crow Divine Clan’s leader. I wish to recruit the demons of the myriad worlds and revive the Heavenly Court of the demons. The Heavenly Court was created by the ancestor of our demons on Buzhou Sacred Mountain. The immortals took our name, killed us, and extinguished our souls. This hatred will never be resolved!
 “Children of the Demon Race, I’m waiting for all of you to gather on the Immortal World’s Sun. Together, we will bring glory to the demons!”
 Han Jue was stunned.
 The Golden Crow Divine Clan wanted to create another Heavenly Court to fight against the Heavenly Court?
 What happened?
 Outside the cave.
 Everyone from the Hidden Sect looked at Jiang Yi with different expressions. Jiang Yi’s expression was awkward as he muttered, “How can the clan leader take it seriously… I’ve already said that it’s a story…”
 The Black Hell Demon Lord asked curiously, “What story? The story that the Heavenly Court was actually established by the demons?” Jiang Yi coughed and said, “Your Sect Master told me a story. I told it to my clansmen…”
 Everyone from the Hidden Sect: “…”,

