 He slowly opened his eyes, his pupils turning purple.
 “Let’s call this Mystical Power the Dark Nightmare,” Han Jue muttered to himself. He wanted to use this Mystical Power to become the nightmare of his enemies!
 As long as the Great Dao existed, Han Jue could use the Dark Nightmare to send dreams. At the same time, he could prevent the other party from deducing him and not be affected by karma.
 If the other party’s cultivation level was far inferior to his, he could even kill enemies in the dream realm.
 This Mystical Power was a genuine Great Dao Mystical Power!
 As expected of a Mystical Power that was comprehended from the fusion of nine Great Dao Fragments!
 Being cautious, Han Jue asked in his heart, “Will the Sages notice me using the Dark Nightmare?”
 [A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Why did asking about a Mystical Power also require lifespan?
 Han Jue cursed silently. He couldn’t figure out the deduction pattern of the derivation function.
 Forget it, it’s only been a billion years.
 Han Jue chose to continue.
 [The Heavenly Dao Sage can’t deduce it, but if you visit the dream of the Great Dao Sage, they can deduce it. If you visit the dream of living beings below the Sage, no Sage can deduce it.]
 Eh?
 There were even Great Dao Sages?
 Could it be the Transcendent Dao Experts like Ancestor Xitian?
 Or the Dao Ancestor?
 Han Jue didn’t understand, but it was fine. He didn’t plan to visit the Sages, anyway. What was there to be afraid of?
 He couldn’t be bothered to ask who the Great Dao Sages were.
 Although his lifespan was long, he couldn’t act recklessly. He had to use it on killing enemies. Han Jue took a look at his lifespan and discovered that it took him five years to comprehend the Great Dao Mystical Power.
 He calmed down and began to think about who to test the waters with.
 Oh, right!
 The Jie School had entered the Nine Nether Purgatory. He could ask Jing Tiangong.
 After resting for a while, Han Jue started to use the Dark Nightmare.
 Jing Tiangong’s appearance appeared in his mind, confirming that he was dreaming.
 Inside the Daoist temple.
 Jing Tiangong was meditating and cultivating. Unknowingly, his consciousness began to wander.
 He suddenly woke up and discovered that he had arrived at the top of a mountain. There were green mountains and rivers around him, and a cool breeze blew past. Jing Tiangong was surprised. What was this place?
 He subconsciously turned around and suddenly saw a black shadow, scaring him so much that he jumped into the sky.
 The black shadow was covered in black mist. One could only see its figure and a pair of purple eyes. It was strange and terrifying.
 Jing Tiangong asked in a low voice, “Who are?you?”
 The black shadow said calmly, “Don’t be afraid. I won’t hurt you. This is just a dream.”
 Han Jue especially changed his voice. It was different from his own voice.
 Dream?
 Jing Tiangong was shocked. What cultivation level was he at? How could he be dreaming?
 It must be the other party’s Mystical Power!
 He forcefully pulled him into a dream!
 [Jing Tiangong has developed hatred towards you. Current Hatred Points: 2 stars]
 Han Jue didn’t care and continued staring at him.
 Jing Tiangong wanted to attack, but he was horrified to find that he could not use his Dharmic powers.
 In the Dark Nightmare, unless his cultivation level surpassed Han Jue’s, he would be suppressed by this Great Dao Mystical Power and be unable to attack. This was the power of the Great Dao Mystical Power!
 Jing Tiangong tried his best to calm down. He discovered that the other party had no intention of attacking as if he wanted to talk to him.
 Wait!
 Could he be…
 Jing Tiangong’s eyes widened and his body began to tremble.
 The other party was pitch black and extremely mysterious. Who else could it be but the Dark Forbidden Lord?
 He asked carefully, “Are you the Dark…”
 Han Jue interrupted him and said, “What do you want?”
 He had to conquer the hearts of the people first.
 Jing Tiangong landed in front of him and knelt down. He said in a low voice, “I’m willing to serve the Dark Forbidden Lord! I’ll offer you my life!”
 (Jing Tiangong has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 5 stars]
 Eh?
 Five stars straight away?
 What happened?
 He carefully sized him up. His eyes were so fanatic that he almost seemed a little crazy.
 Han Jue asked, “What’s the Jie School plotting?” Jing Tiangong replied without hesitation, “We just want to avoid the calamity, but I personally want to join you as a subordinate. In the current Immortal World, other than the Sages, you are the one who I admire the most. You stir up trouble in the dark and create chaos with a flip of your hand. The four overlords suffered three losses because of you. Such ability is stronger than the previous Master of Calamity!”
 Han Jue asked, “How’s your relationship with the Heavenly Court?”
 Jing Tiangong asked hesitantly, “I wonder if?you…”
 “The Heavenly Court has the providence of the Heavenly Dao. I don’t want to provoke them for the time being, but sooner or later, I will attack them,” Han Jue said domineeringly.
 Jing Tiangong was secretly excited. As expected.
 He had always suspected that the Dark Forbidden Lord was not from the Heavenly Court. They were so weak!
 “The cooperation between the Jie School and the Heavenly Court is just for the sake of our own needs. We helped the Heavenly Court, and the Heavenly Emperor released the soul of the Jie School experts that were suppressed in the Divine Investiture Board. Now that we’re even, we will no longer help the Heavenly Court,” Jing Tiangong replied seriously. Han Jue decided to test him. “You’ve imitated me. You also have a cursed treasure. If you’re me, who would you curse now?” Jing Tiangong fell into deep thought. After a long while… He looked up and said, “The netherworld. Ever since Zu Tu died, the countless vengeful spirits that filled the Immortal World have all hidden in the netherworld. They’re being controlled by the King of Hell and the disciples of the Divine Palace. This power is too strong. If we don’t balance it out, when the Immortal Heavenly Court and the Demon Heavenly Court are both weakened, it will definitely sweep through the myriad worlds.”
 “Alright, I’ll leave this mission to you. From now on, you’re my follower. Are you willing?”
 Hearing this, Jing Tiangong was first stunned, then he immediately rejoiced. He hurriedly agreed.
 Han Jue didn’t ask anymore and ended the Mystical Power.
 Jing Tiangong was stunned for a moment before he suddenly woke up.
 Discovering that he had returned to reality, he heaved a sigh of relief.
 He revealed a respectful expression and muttered, “As expected of the Dark Forbidden Lord. His Mystical Power is impressive.”
 Then, he became excited.
 Indeed, sincerity worked!
 From now on, he would join the Dark Forbidden Lord’s camp!
 As long as he worked hard, he believed that the Dark Forbidden Lord would not mistreat him and promote the Jie School!
 Due to the failure of the calamity, the Jie School had already lost its great providence. Jing Tiangong had to find a backing for them to break through.
 The Dark Forbidden Lord was the most suitable candidate!
 Because the Dark Forbidden Lord was fearless!
 He wasn’t afraid of anyone!
 Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 Han Jue sighed.
 “I didn’t expect the Dark Forbidden Lord to have so many fans.”
 He had never gone out. Why were there so many believers?
 It was probably because someone had ulterior motives and placed all sorts of blame on the Dark Forbidden Lord, causing him to become stronger and stronger in the rumors.
 With Dark Nightmare, Han Jue felt that he could properly use his Dark Forbidden Lord identity.
 It was a very famous and impressive name.
 Most people who attained the Dao would give up their original name and choose their Dao title. Han Jue felt that the Dark Forbidden Lord was not bad. It was better than ‘Reincarnation’ he had thought of earlier.
 When he became stronger, it was not impossible for him to truly take on the name of Dark Forbidden Lord.

