 Han Jue thought for a moment. He probably had to become a Sage.
 Otherwise, he would easily become a Sage’s pawn.
 Even the strongest of the calamities like Zu Tu was a pawn of the Sage, let alone him.
 If he admitted that he was the Dark Forbidden Master now, or when he was at the Zenith Heaven Realm or the Pseudo-Sage Realm, it would be difficult for him to escape.
 He would die!
 Han Jue perked up and started cultivating.
 Using the Dark Nightmare only consumed his Divine Origin Dharmic powers and divine sense. Han Jue didn’t fight in the dream, so he was still in good condition and could cultivate directly.
 The Great Dao Mystical Power was only a Mystical Power. Cultivation was the foundation.
 For example, Kong Xuan of the Investiture of the Gods. His Five-colored Divine Lights could sweep anything and everything. It was extremely powerful. Even Sages had lost face because of him. But so what?
 He lost in the end! Han Jue’s goal was to reach the Zenith Heaven Realm before this calamity ended.
 This was the lowest goal!
 The next calamity he would be at least a Pseudo-Sage before it. He would try his best to become a Sage. Then, the next calamity would be his era.
 If he couldn’t become a Sage, he would wait for the next one.
 Han Jue had a long lifespan, so he had plenty of time to waste.
 Ten years later.
 Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and cursed the enemy while checking his emails.
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen has obtained a Heavenly Dao Fiendish Supreme Treasure. His providence has increased greatly.]
 (Your grand-disciple Fang Liang was attacked by a Demon Immortal Emperor] x3
 [Your Dao Companion Xuan Qingjun received guidance from a mighty figure in her dreams. Her cultivation has increased greatly.]
 [Your good friend Jing Tiangong cursed the netherworld and his negative karma increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Divine General has received guidance from the Sage and has learned a Heavenly Dao Mystical Power.]
 (Your disciple Long Hao was attacked by your good friend Li Daokong and was severely injured. Fortunately, a mysterious mighty figure saved him.] [Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure.]
 (Your good friend Tai Sutian was attacked by your Dao Companion Xing Hongxuan.)
 Tsk tsk!
 Heavenly Dao Fiendish Supreme Treasure!
 Ji Xianshen was going to soar! Han Jue knew best how strong the Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure was. The word fiendish was probably not bad, either. If this fellow survived the calamity, would he become the next Heavenly Emperor, Demon Emperor, or Zu Tu?
 Han Jue noticed that Xuan Qingjun had obtained the guidance of a mighty figure in her dream. There was definitely a conspiracy. He had to check it! Jing Tiangong also really followed Han Jue’s orders.
 Tai Sutian is starting to approach Xing Hongxuan?
 Han Jue cursed while he worried.
 Killing Tai Sutian directly would definitely offend Nüwa.
 Tai Sutian’s target was Han Jue. It was impossible for Nüwa not to suspect him.
 No!
 He had to remind Xing Hongxuan.
 Han Jue asked in his heart, “I want to know why Tai Sutian approached her.”
 [A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Han Jue felt dizzy.
 He opened his eyes again and came to a vast hall. The light was bright as Tai Sutian knelt in front of a statue.
 The statue was of a woman with a gentle face and a benevolent aura.
 “This child is a variable. I hope that you can descend into the mortal world and wash away your karma. You can approach him and obtain his trust.” The statue emitted a gentle voice.
 Sage, Nüwa!
 Tai Sutian asked curiously, “Why do you want to approach him? What’s your goal?”
 Nüwa replied, “He might be the key for the humans and demons to resolve their hatred. The Heavenly Dao leaves a path for a chance of survival. This chance might be him. Establish a good relationship with him so that I can interact with him in the future.”
 “Are you sure?”
 “I’m not sure. Recently, there have been more and more variables in the Heavenly Dao. I can only choose one to bet. This child is cautious by nature and never takes the initiative to provoke trouble. His karma is very small. With his talent, he should have walked the path of a prodigy, but he didn’t. This makes me think of the Dao Ancestor.”
 “Dao Ancestor? He’s related to the Dao Ancestor?”
 “Of course not. I just feel that he might embark on the Dao Ancestor’s path. Of course, it’s just a possibility.”
 Tai Sutian fell into deep thought.
 The scene shattered.
 Han Jue fell silent and the Book of Misfortune also stopped.
 Eh?
 What happened?
 Nüwa had asked Tai Sutian to approach him for good intentions. Then, why did she want to harm Xing Hongxuan?
 Han Jue felt that he had to investigate thoroughly.
 He could kill enemies ruthlessly, but he couldn’t turn goodwill into hatred.
 There might be another conspiracy.
 “I want to know why Tai Sutian killed Xing Hongxuan.”
 Han Jue continued to use the derivation function.
 [Deduction failed. She doesn’t have any killing intent.)
 Han Jue was stunned.
 No killing intent?
 Could it be that the future had changed again?
 Han Jue could only change the topic and ask, “I want to know who taught Xuan Qingjun in her dreams.”
 (500 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 A beautiful figure appeared in Han Jue’s mind, and a line of words appeared.
 [Empress Houtu: Cultivation unknown, Lord of Reincarnation]
 So it was Empress Houtu.
 Was this good intention towards Han Jue, or did she have other plans?
 Han Jue continued to ask, “Does she have any ill intentions towards Xuan Qingjun?”
 (No malice]
 This time, his lifespan was not deducted. It seemed that if there were two problems, his lifespan would not be deducted. Han Jue was relieved and cursed the enemy again.
 The calamity was really becoming more and more terrifying, causing Han Jue to be traumatized, afraid that the people around him would suffer.
 Han Jue thought of using Dark Nightmare to call Xing Hongxuan and Xuan Qingjun back, but by doing so, the two girls would learn that he had such a Mystical Power and it would plant the seed that might expose his identity. It was too dangerous, he couldn’t take the risk.
 Another twenty years passed.
 Han Jue had just finished cursing the enemy when he suddenly felt a few auras.
 Another force came to the Nine Nether Purgatory!
 Han Jue was speechless.
 He immediately checked the surrounding enemies.
 Although the Dao Field had been upgraded, the detection range could not cover the entire Nine Nether Purgatory.
 The new force was very far from the Dao Field, and Han Jue couldn’t detect it.
 “So be it. Just don’t disturb me.”
 Han Jue thought of this. Recently, the Jie School did not dare to move around. They might have encountered the Primordial Yuan Phoenix or could not withstand the long erosion of negative karma.
 Han Jue asked in his heart, “Who is it?”
 [Ten million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue! [Divine Palace]
 It was them!
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows, feeling uneasy.
 The reason why the Divine Palace was defeated was mainly that he cursed Zu Tu.
 Although no one knew that it was him, he still felt uneasy. Furthermore, Murong Qi had an irreconcilable grudge against the Divine Palace.
 No, he had to stay away from them.
 Han Jue controlled Hidden Sect Island and rushed deeper.
 An hour later, he finally stopped. After warning the people of the Hidden Sect, he continued cultivating
 The Hidden Sect Competition, which happened once every hundred years, began again.
 Without Han Jue participating, Diamond Rage occupied first place.
 Jiang Yi fought with the Black Hell Demon Lord and obtained a difficult victory. He was extremely proud.
 The Black Hell Demon Lord and Duan Hongchen were third and fourth. They were both very unhappy.
 The fifth was Li Yao, and the sixth was not Murong Qi or Tu Ling’er, but Chu Shiren!
 The Supreme Buddha had started to rise!
 The others also looked at him.
 Chu Shiren said calmly, “I’m only sparring with you using my cultivation in this life. I’m indeed inferior.”
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog couldn’t help but ask, “That means you can still use your cultivation from your previous life?”
 Chu Shiren hesitated for a moment before nodding slowly.

