 The Deity Realm Vermilion Bird was shocked. “Who are you? Why are you hiding here?”
 With that, he took out a flaming spear and prepared to continue attacking.
 Han Jue was speechless.
 Was this fellow a fool?
 He couldn’t even break through the Dao Field’s formation, yet he still dared to continue attacking? How did he cultivate to the Deity Realm? Since he was digging his own grave, Han Jue would not be polite.
 He immediately jumped out of the Dao Field. The Primordial Judgment Sword appeared in his hand and he slashed with it.
 Unparalleled Sword Qi!
 Terrifying sword Qi erupted and swept towards the Deity Realm Vermilion Bird from all directions.
 The Deity Realm Vermilion Bird was not frightened when he saw Han Jue appear. Instead, he waved his flaming spear. Divine Origin Dharmic powers dissipated and formed a huge protective shield to resist the sword Qi.
 Boom!
 The Deity Realm Vermilion Bird’s body was directly annihilated. He was only a Second Mystic Divine Origin. How could he withstand the attack of Han Jue’s Three Mystic Divine Origin?
 He could fight evenly with the Six Mystic Divine Origin Realm!
 Han Jue used the Five Elements Divine Light and directly swept away the other party’s soul, putting it into the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 He then jumped back into the Connate Cave Abode.
 In the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus, the Deity Realm Vermilion Bird had just condensed its body when endless negative karma drowned it.
 “Negative karma! How is this possible!”
 The Deity Realm Vermilion Bird was shocked and hurriedly resisted the negative karma. Unfortunately, it was useless. He wanted to jump out of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus, but he was suppressed by Han Jue’s great Dharmic powers.
 No
 [Red Flame Vermilion Bird has developed hatred towards you. Current Hatred Points: 6 stars]
 Han Jue shook his head and laughed when he saw the line of words.
 This was really a death wish.
 Han Jue controlled the Hidden Sect Island and moved it away to prevent the Vermilion Bird Race from discovering them.
 If they really came, it would be troublesome.
 However, Han Jue believed that no one in the Vermilion Bird Race could enter his Dao Field.
 Under the Fusang Tree, the Black Hell Chicken asked curiously, “That fellow was killed by Master? How fast!”
 Diamond Rage laughed. “Of course. How powerful is Sect Master? Although that Vermilion Bird was strong, it was only a Vermilion Bird.”
 Murong Qi nodded. “The Vermilion Bird Race doesn’t have Zenith Heaven existences.”
 Unknowingly, they had tacitly agreed that Han Jue was at least at the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 If not, how could he create all of this? Jiang Yi smiled disdainfully. “The Vermilion Bird Race is getting worse with each generation. They’re far inferior to our Golden Crow Divine Clan. Our Golden Crows feed on dragons. Divine beasts are our food!”
 The Black Hell Demon Lord shook his head in disagreement.
 “Race is actually a restriction. The Heavenly Emperor never calls himself a True Dragon. The Demon Emperor also doesn’t consider himself a member of the Demon Race. Bloodline relationships are sometimes a threat and a weakness,” Chu Shiren suddenly said.
 His words made Jiang Yi and the Black Hell Demon Lord fall into deep thought.
 The Three-Headed Wyrm King chuckled. “That’s right, that’s right. The Wyrm Race has nothing to do with me. I call myself a member of the Hidden Sect.”
 The others also followed him in expressing their loyalty, hoping that Han Jue would hear?it.
 At this moment.
 Han Jue suddenly walked out of the cave abode.
 The moment they saw him, the others shut up and stood up.
 Unknowingly, Han Jue had already established a strong prestige. Everyone didn’t dare to joke anymore.
 Han Jue waved his right hand and threw a huge corpse on the mountain.
 “Black Hell Chicken, Ah Da, Xiao Er, Heavenly Dog, Three-Headed Wyrm, go and eat,” Han Jue instructed.
 With that, the five of them rushed out.
 The Black Hell Demon Lord and the other six Black Hell Phoenixes were envious, but they didn’t dare to speak.
 Jiang Yi swallowed and said, “Can I also…”
 “No!”
 Han Jue did not allow arguments.
 Everything depended on the order of seniority. Han Jue wouldn’t give up on the ones who followed him the earliest.
 Although Jiang Yi was strong, he had yet to make any contributions.
 Under such circumstances, if Han Jue kept giving him benefits, the others would definitely be dissatisfied.
 Jiang Yi curled his lips. If he couldn’t, so be it. Why was he so fierce?
 Considering that he couldn’t defeat Han Jue, he could only tolerate it.
 The five mythical beasts all transformed into their true forms and started eating the Vermilion Bird’s corpse. If not for the fact that Han Jue’s Dharmic powers were still in the Vermilion Bird’s body, the five of them would not have been able to tear it apart.
 Even if the Deity Realm expert was dead, its body was still extremely terrifying.
 Han Jue watched them eat. The scene was cruel and shocking. Li Yao and Dao Comprehension Sword frowned. The ten thousand Nether Race members also trembled in fear.
 Jiang Yi came to Han Jue’s side and said, “If anyone from the Golden Crow Divine Clan comes to find trouble with you, you can tell them my name first. Don’t kill them directly.”
 He discovered that Han Jue was really ruthless. He killed the enemy just like that.
 Of course, he was also such a person.
 However, he didn’t want to see the Golden Crows become food for the five of them.
 Han Jue smiled and said, “Of course. After all, that’s also the race of Ah Da and Xiao Er.”
 Jiang Yi heaved a sigh of relief.
 Han Jue waved at Chu Shiren. He hurriedly came over and bowed.
 “If the Buddhist Sect also hides in the Nine Nether Purgatory, will you leave?” Han Jue asked.
 Chu Shiren said without hesitation, “No. I’m not part of the Buddhist Sect, to begin with. Actually, the five Great Buddhas had their own roots in the past. They were all suppressed by the Buddhist Sect and have cultivated for countless years. After the older generation of Buddhas went into seclusion, they became the new Buddha Ancestors.”
 Han Jue asked curiously, “In other words, the Buddhist Sect also has Sages?”
 “Of course, and more than one. However, after they became Sages, they no longer cared about the Buddhist Sect. A long time ago, two Buddhist Sages interfered with the calamity and were suppressed by the Dao Ancestor. From then on, the Sages had nothing to do with the Heavenly Dao Immortal World and could not cross the line.”
 Chu Shiren’s answer made Han Jue secretly nervous.
 He had to be careful when facing the Buddhist Sect in the future, lest he fail miserably.
 Several days later, the huge Vermilion Bird’s corpse was completely eaten. The Black Hell Chicken and the others were also stuffed. They all circulated their energy to digest it. Their auras increased at an extremely obvious speed.
 During the primordial era, before the Dao Ancestor taught the Dao, all living beings devoured each other to become stronger. Therefore, it was also called the era of ferocious beasts.
 “After digesting, come into my cave abode.”
 Han Jue sent a voice transmission to the Chaotic Heavenly Dog. Upon hearing that, the dog was pleasantly surprised. It knew that its master was finally going to nurture it!
 Five years later.
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog carefully walked into his cave abode.
 Han Jue said, “Your eyes were dug out previously. Although your providence has recovered, it can’t increase. I can reward you with the Heavenly Dao Merit to help you recover and even soar higher. However, from now on, you are not allowed to leave Hidden Sect Island unless I want to leave. Are you willing?
 Han Jue spoke very calmly, but his faint killing intent caused the temperature in the cave abode to decrease.
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog said excitedly, “I’m willing. Thank you, Master. From now on, without your orders, I will never go out again!”
 It couldn’t stand being at the bottom anymore.
 On the island, anyone could bully it.
 In the past, it was also a divine beast with high spirits!

