 This time, Han Jue suddenly noticed the Chaotic Heavenly Dog.
 Ever since its eyes were dug out, the Chaotic Heavenly Dog’s temperament had changed drastically. It was silent and lost its sense of existence. Han Jue often forgot about it.
 Therefore, he had a sudden thought. He wanted to use the Heavenly Dao Merit to help the Chaotic Heavenly Dog. Since it was a divine beast of providence, it was very difficult to escape the Heavenly Dao. It was better to use the Heavenly Dao Merit on it.
 After the Chaotic Heavenly Dog agreed, Han Jue pressed down on its head and sent the Heavenly Dao Merit into its body.
 The merit obtained from giving the Nether Race a name was extremely huge. Han Jue had also given the Immeasurable Sword a portion, but compared to all of it, it was still insignificant.
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog emitted a golden light that drowned it.
 Han Jue used his Dharmic powers to help it absorb it.
 Time passed.
 A year later.
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog was still absorbing the Heavenly Dao Merit, but it no longer needed Han Jue’s help.
 Its Dharmic powers soared to the Grand Unity True Immortal Realm and continued to increase.
 The Heavenly Dao Merit was too strong!
 Han Jue let it stay in the cave abode to absorb it in case anything happened. He continued cultivating. “The effect of the Heavenly Dao Merit is so strong. It’s too fatal. The price must be high. This is the lure of the Heavenly Dao…” Han Jue thought of this and shook his head with a smile.
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog was not him. Even if the Heavenly Dao Sage was the limit, it was still very impressive. This dog had probably never thought of becoming a Sage, anyway.
 Nine Nether Purgatory, Vermilion Bird Race.
 The Vermilion Bird Race gathered in a floating peak. There was a palace in one of the mountains.
 In the hall.
 “We still haven’t found Elder Red Flame?” a man in a red robe roared. He was the leader of the Vermilion Bird Race, Vermilion Bird Emperor.
 A transformed Vermilion Bird carefully replied, “I really can’t find him. His aura has vanished into thin air and his life token is gone. I’m afraid… I heard that the Primordial Yuan Phoenix is suppressed in the Nine Nether Purgatory. Could it be that Elder Red Flame…”
 The Vermilion Bird Emperor trembled in anger. The Red Flame Vermilion Bird was an existence at the Deity Realm!
 The number of Deity Realm mighty figures in the entire Vermilion Bird Race could be counted on one hand. Every single one of them had consumed an immeasurable amount of resources to die just like that. The Vermilion Bird Emperor’s heart bled. However, when he thought of the Primordial Yuan Phoenix, he felt helpless.
 The Primordial Yuan Phoenix was the ancestor of all birds!
 He had once unified all the Heavenly Dao flying beasts!
 Facing such an undying existence, the Vermilion Bird Emperor couldn’t help but feel his scalp tingle.
 “Have you interacted with the Primordial Yuan Phoenix?” The Vermilion Bird Emperor asked.
 “Yes, but I sensed his killing intent as soon as I approached. He doesn’t want to be disturbed…” The transformed Vermilion Bird was very helpless. Why was the Nine Nether Purgatory still not peaceful?
 The Vermilion Bird Emperor’s expression darkened. “What about the Jie School’s attitude?”
 The transformed Vermilion Bird replied, “They want to end the conflict. After all, they were originally here to avoid the calamity. They hope to be able to share an area with us and not disturb each other. It’s best if we join forces to stop the other factions from entering the Nine Nether Purgatory.” The Vermilion Bird Emperor’s expression softened. This was a good thing. He was also worried that other powers would rush over. As the forces of the Nine Nether Purgatory increased, the calamity would definitely spread over.
 “Help me contact Jing Tiangong. I want to talk to him personally!” “Yes!”
 Han Jue didn’t know that the Vermilion Bird Race thought that the Primordial Yuan Phoenix had killed the Red Flame Vermilion Bird. Even if he knew, he wouldn’t care.
 The current him had the right to look down on a Deity Realm mighty figure!
 In the blink of an eye, ten years had passed.
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog had completely absorbed the Heavenly Dao Merit. Its providence had increased greatly and its cultivation level had soared to the late-stage Grand Unity Golden Immortal Realm! It was very excited. Han Jue didn’t let it leave directly but taught it the Five Elements Divine Light.
 When it left the cave abode, it was high and mighty.
 Han Jue didn’t stop it. He gave the disciples a signal to prevent them from slacking off.
 Indeed!
 The reborn Chaotic Heavenly Dog shocked everyone. The Black Hell Chicken screamed, feeling that Han Jue was unfair. Why didn’t he reward it with such a fortuitous encounter?
 With that, the Chaotic Heavenly Dog was no longer at the bottom. It did not immediately challenge the others. Instead, it first cultivated the Five Elements Divine Light. After that, it would challenge them one by one in the simulation trial.
 It felt proud!
 On the other side.
 Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing the enemies.
 All these years, his attention had been placed on the ones around him. He didn’t know what the situation in the Immortal World was.
 He opened the emails.
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen has left the Immortal World.)
 (Your grand-disciple Fang Liang has left the mortal world.)
 (Your good friend Huang Jihao was attacked by your good friend Zhang Guxing.]
 [Your good friend Zhang Guxing was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure and was severely injured.)
 [Your good friend Li Daokong was cursed by a mysterious curse. Because he has a Supreme Treasure, he is not affected.]
 [Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your good friend Jing Tiangong was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your disciple Long Hao has stepped into the Heavenly Dao and comprehended the River of Destiny.)
 (Your disciple Su Qi’s bad luck has reached its limit. He has stepped into the Emperor Realm and his providence has transformed.]
 So many curses! There were fewer emails of people being attacked, but there were more curses.
 Even Jing Tiangong was cursed. Could he be cursing Xue Minghe?
 The mysterious mighty figure who attacked Zhang Guxing was definitely Li Xuan’ao.
 This fellow had been coveting the Sword Dao River. After Han Jue left, he naturally wouldn’t give up the opportunity.
 Poor brother, he was beaten again after leaving the Divine Palace.
 Han Jue had no intention of helping him. Now, his relationship with Zhang Guxing was no longer as close as before.
 Ever since Han Jue rejected Zhang Guxing’s opportunity, he clearly felt that Zhang Guxing was not that passionate towards him anymore, but his favorability didn’t decrease.
 It was fine as long as Zhang Guxing did not die.
 Han Jue continued reading the emails.
 He checked his interpersonal relationships again and discovered that his friends’ cultivation levels had all increased by a huge amount. It was truly ridiculous.
 A month later.
 After Han Jue cursed all the enemies, he started to hesitate.
 “Should I calculate the outcome of the calamity?”
 Han Jue thought silently. He hadn’t calculated it for a long time.
 In the past few years, the Immortal World seemed to have entered a period of explosive development. More and more factions appeared. He needed to know who might be his enemy.
 At this moment.
 A line of words suddenly appeared in front of Han Jue.
 [Dijun wants to enter your dream. Do you accept?]
 Dijun?
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 Although Dijun had a favorable impression of him, it was too low and not worth the risk.
 Han Jue didn’t reject or accept it. Instead, he waited for the notification to disappear.
 In that case, Dijun might think that he was tied down by something and could not accept the dream.
 Several days later.
 Dijun was here again!
 Since Dijun couldn’t spy on the Dao Field, he might as well pretend not to know.
 Even if Dijun didn’t want to harm him, he would still cause trouble.
 After that.
 Every five or six days, Dijun would ask to visit him in his dreams.
 Han Jue didn’t reply.
 This situation lasted for two years. Dijun had asked to visit him in his dreams hundreds of times.

