 It had only been a few decades.
 Han Jue seriously doubted that Liu Bei was looking for a place in the netherworld.
 Liu Bei replied, “I discovered a mysterious barrier entrance in the netherworld. Inside is an absolutely dark space. You can’t see anything and can’t use your divine sense to probe. After entering, all your senses will be useless. If we move Hidden Sect Island there, it will definitely be a good place!”
 He was very excited. In any case, he felt that this place was very suitable.
 “Absolute darkness. Could it be the Dark Forbidden Zone?” Han Jue frowned and thought.
 He had never been to the Dark Forbidden Zone, but he had seen it in the emails.
 If the Dark Forbidden Zone was paired with the Dark Forbidden Lord, wouldn’t that be a perfect match?
 No!
 If even Han Jue felt that it was a perfect match, the others would definitely think so too.
 “That’s all for now. I’ll look for you when I need to change locations.” Han Jue nodded.
 Liu Bei nodded and bowed before leaving.
 After he left, Han Jue sighed.
 It was indeed impossible to rely on this fellow to find a place to hide.
 Too cowardly!
 Han Jue finally understood how others felt about him. It was maddening.
 Han Jue was a little uneasy that he couldn’t find something that satisfied him.
 He could only use the derivation function.
 He was afraid that the outcome would make him even more anxious.
 Try!
 “I want to know where I will be after this calamity ends.” Han Jue thought silently.
 The moment this question came out, he felt very smart.
 He couldn’t find a place now, but he would definitely find it in the future!
 (A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 A billion years?
 Why so much?
 Han Jue frowned and suddenly had a bad feeling.
 Continue!
 He gritted his teeth and made a decision.
 Then, he felt dizzy.
 When he opened his eyes again, he discovered that he had arrived under the Fusang Tree. Everyone from the Hidden Sect was gathered around him.
 He glanced around. Everyone was here. Even Xing Hongxuan and Su Qi had returned.
 However, their expressions were very grave.
 Han Jue saw himself floating above the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain. He was standing on the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 He turned and looked around. He discovered that there were terrifying giant shadows at the end of the island. They were densely packed and surrounded the entire island.
 What happened? “Dark Forbidden Lord, let’s see where you can hide! Even if we can’t break through your formation, you can forget about leaving!”
 A domineering roar followed by rampant laughter.
 “It’s indeed here. As expected of the Dark Forbidden Lord, he’s hiding in the Nine Nether Purgatory.” “So the Dark Forbidden Lord isn’t that strong.”
 “I guess this island is a Supreme Treasure, that’s why we can’t deduce the Dark Forbidden Lord.”
 “Who is he?”
 “Who cares? The Dark Forbidden Lord caused the deaths of so many living beings. He has to pay with blood!”
 Han Jue was shocked.
 After the calamity ended, he was still in the Nine Nether Purgatory and had his identity exposed!
 Han Jue felt uneasy.
 He looked up. High in the sky, the future Han Jue seemed to sense something and looked down at him.
 Their eyes met, and, with a boom, Han Jue’s consciousness suffered an inexplicable impact.
 His consciousness returned to reality.
 (Warning: Do not interact with your past or future selves. Otherwise, karma will be chaotic and the Heavenly Dao will not tolerate it.]
 A line of words appeared in front of Han Jue.
 He frowned.
 The future Han Jue could see him?
 Impossible! Even Sages couldn’t see him. How could the future him do it? Was it a coincidence?
 Han Jue was confused.
 Most importantly, his identity had been exposed in the future.
 No!
 He had to find the reason!
 “I want to know my identity will be exposed in the future.”
 [2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Han Jue’s eyes were firm.
 Next, he did not enter the illusion. Words appeared in front of him.
 [Jade Emperor Zhou Yan: Cultivation unknown. Chaotic Fiendcelestial, Immeasurable Emperor, the former Heavenly Emperor. After the failure of the Immeasurable Calamity, he hid in the River of Destiny and comprehended the Great Dao of Destiny. He saw through karma and fate. After learning of the existence of the Dark Forbidden Lord, he has been observing the heavens, wanting to find him.]
 At the same time, the portrait was displayed. This person had an extremely dignified appearance and three eyes. His gaze was sharp. Jade Emperor Zhou Yan?
 Who was this fellow?
 Han Jue had never heard of him before.
 The words Chaotic Fiendcelestial were too eye-catching.
 Legend had it that in the Chaotic Era, there was no Heavenly Dao yet. In the Chaotic Era, there were three thousand Chaotic Fiendcelestials. The Giant God Pangu who created the Heavenly Dao was one of the Chaotic Fiendcelestials. He killed other Chaotic Fiendcelestials and transformed into the Heavenly Dao. He was eternal and indestructible.
 After the Heavenly Dao appeared, the remaining Chaotic Fiendcelestials couldn’t enter the Heavenly Dao. How did this guy get in?
 He was even the Heavenly Emperor! Being targeted by such an existence, Han Jue couldn’t help but feel a little weak.
 Most importantly, this person had always been comprehending karma and fate. Could he predict Han Jue in the future?
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more uneasy he became. No, he had to think of a way to kill this fellow!
 Han Jue didn’t want to be surrounded by countless experts.
 Wait!
 Could this fellow be a Sage?
 Han Jue frowned even harder.
 “I want to know if there are any subordinates of Jade Emperor Zhou Yan among the people I know.” Han Jue thought silently.
 (A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Immediately after, figures appeared in Han Jue’s mind.
 So many?
 Han Jue almost went limp.
 There were too many forces involved!
 Heavenly Court, Divine Palace, and even the Underworld!
 Among them, he had the most number of friends in the Heavenly Court. Twelve of them were the subordinates of Jade Emperor Zhou Yan!
 Most importantly…
 Immortal Emperor Samsara, King of Hell, and the master of the Divine Palace. Why were they together?
 The master of the Divine Palace was a mighty figure who had been replaced by Zu Tu. After Zu Tu died, he never appeared again. However, Han Jue had a deep impression of him, and he had seen him before in the Great Ultimate Hall.
 Han Jue suddenly thought of the vengeful spirits in the netherworld that Zu Tu released from the Nine Nether Purgatory. Could this be the reason?
 Han Jue had a headache. The Heavenly Dao was too dangerous! Before this, Han Jue didn’t know about the existence of Jade Emperor Zhou Yan at all. He didn’t expect such a huge net to envelop the entire world.
 This was a big shot!
 He was even more terrifying than the Heavenly Emperor, the Demon Emperor, the Heavenly Dao Buddha, and Zu Tu!
 Zu Tu had followed Nüwa. Perhaps even until his death, he did not know that the master of the Divine Palace he supported was actually a pawn of another mighty figure…
 Han Jue hesitated.
 What should he do when facing such a huge force?
 The best way was to stop cursing and avoid the calamity in peace. That way, it would not attract Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s attention.
 But if that was the case, what should the Heavenly Emperor do?
 Also, if Xing Hongxuan, Xuan Qingjun, Su Qi, Fang Liang, and the others encountered a conspiracy, would he be unable to help?
 There had to be a way!
 For example, upgrading the Book of Misfortune!
 As long as the Book of Misfortune continued to become stronger, reaching a level that even Jade Emperor Zhou Yan could not even predict, it should be fine.
 Unfortunately, Heavenly Dao Spirit Stones were not easily obtained. Han Jue touched his chin and tried to think of a way to deal with Jade Emperor Zhou Yan.
 He felt an unprecedented pressure, even greater than when facing a Sage. Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was too mysterious and had such a huge network of connections. It was extremely terrifying

