 The Heavenly Emperor listened quietly. He was also thinking about this question. If he dealt with the humans, it would involve too much trouble.
 Most of the immortals of the Heavenly Court were from the Human Race. Once they targeted the humans, it would definitely cause a commotion.
 However, if they let the Human Race grow stronger, these immortals might abandon the Heavenly Court and return to the Human Race. This was a dilemma. After a long while…
 The Heavenly Emperor raised his hand and pressed down. All the immortals in the Numinous Palace quietened down.
 He slowly said, “Warn the humans that if they insist, the Heavenly Court will show the power of immortals to the world!”
 With that said, the expressions of the gods changed. They had their own thoughts.
 Seven years later.
 Han Jue was cultivating when four lines of words suddenly appeared in front of him.
 [Detected that the Heavenly Court is declaring war on the entire Human Race. You have the following choices:]
 [1: Support the Human Race and fight for the providence of the Human Race. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a Mystical Power inheritance.)
 [2: Support the Heavenly Court and fight for the providence of the Immortal Gods. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a Supreme Treasure.]
 [3: Cultivate in a low profile manner and don’t enter the calamity. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a random natural treasure.)
 Heavenly Court fought with the humans?
 Han Jue couldn’t help but think that more than four thousand years ago, when the Heavenly Court surrounded the mortal world, he had also fought for the humans and the Immortal Gods.
 Although the Heavenly Emperor had done him a favor, Han Jue would never forget the arrogant attitude of the Immortal Gods. If not for him showing his potential, the Reroll World would have been long gone and the Heavenly Emperor would not have treated him so well.
 This was reality.
 Han Jue thought as he silently chose the third option.
 He didn’t care about the entire Human Race. He only cared about the humans of the Reroll World. He couldn’t protect the humans of the myriad worlds.
 He remembered the Heavenly Emperor’s kindness, but he did not have a good impression of the Heavenly Court.
 Of course, most importantly, he did not want to take any risks.
 [Congratulations on obtaining a Great Dao Fragment and a random natural treasure.]
 [Congratulations on obtaining the Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree.]
 (Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree: Ancient Divine Tree. Cultivating under the tree can increase one’s comprehension. At the same time, it can produce Connate Qi.]
 This tree was not bad!
 Han Jue took out the Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree. It was still a sapling.
 He stood up and brought the Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree out of the cave abode. Everyone from the Hidden Sect couldn’t help but stand up when they saw him.
 Han Jue ignored them and walked halfway up the mountain. The others followed, and more and more people agglomerated. Han Jue planted the Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree halfway up the mountain.
 Chu Shiren sized it up and then exclaimed, “This is a Bodhi Tree? Furthermore, its grade is very high. Even in the Buddhist Sect, there isn’t such a high-grade Bodhi Tree!”
 The others couldn’t help but stare at the Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree curiously.
 Han Jue said, “This tree can produce Connate Qi suitable for Deity Realm cultivation and also increase your comprehension. You have to protect it. This is a Supreme Treasure for your cultivation. As long as it grows healthily, it will be very helpful to you. However, before it completely grows up, no one is allowed to cultivate beside it and snatch its Spirit Qi. Do you understand?”
 Everyone nodded as they looked at the Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree with burning eyes. Who among them would not be tempted by such a divine tree?
 Han Jue didn’t say anything else and left. Everyone surrounded the Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree and pointed.
 They were all very surprised that Han Jue could take out such a Supreme Treasure.
 Han Jue had always been in seclusion. How did he obtain such a precious treasure? From the Heavenly Court?
 Impossible!
 In Chu Shiren’s words, the Heavenly Court didn’t have such a foundation.
 The Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree was an ultimate treasure in any overlord faction in the Immortal World.
 The Black Hell Chicken smiled proudly. “I already said that Master is the reincarnation of the Dao Ancestor!”
 Chu Shiren shouted, “Don’t talk about the Dao Ancestor. Even if he’s Grandmaster, or even if he isn’t, you can’t mention it. Be careful of the divine retribution!”
 The others were frightened.
 Even this Buddha thought that Han Jue was the reincarnation of the Dao Ancestor?
 Han Jue was shocked on the way back. Since when did he become the Dao Ancestor?
 Fortunately, Chu Shiren stopped him in time and didn’t let such words spread. At most, they could chat casually in the Dao Field and increase Han Jue’s image in the hearts of everyone in the Hidden Sect. However, they couldn’t let it spread. If that happened, there would be huge trouble.
 Han Jue came to the Fusang Tree and asked with a smile, “How’s your cultivation recently?”
 The Fusang Tree shook slightly and replied, “Not bad. They occasionally guide me, but I still can’t transform.”
 Its tone was filled with regret. It also wanted to be like the others and move freely. However, it was the Heavenly Dao Divine Tree. With the rules of the Heavenly Dao suppressing it, it could not transform.
 If it could, wouldn’t the legendary Buzhou Divine Mountain also be able to transform? Under the Heavenly Dao, not all existences could transform as long as they cultivated.
 Han Jue smiled and said, “This is actually a good thing. It can let you stay away from trouble and cultivate in peace. One day, you can break through the shackles and transform into a human and enjoy freedom.”
 The Fusang Tree could only think this way.
 After chatting for a while, Han Jue returned to the Connate Cave Abode.
 Continue cultivating!
 Another twenty years passed.
 During Han Jue’s cultivation, the humans of the Immortal World and the Heavenly Court fought. Even Xing Hongxuan was attacked by the Heavenly Troops.
 Long Hao and Di Lantian seemed to have subsided. There was no movement from them.
 The Darkness Sect had always helped the Heavenly Court. They were the reason why they were becoming stronger.
 Xue Minghe really wanted the Heavenly Court to become arrogant.
 Han Jue understood. Too many factions were targeting the Heavenly Court. If the Heavenly Emperor wanted to survive this calamity, he could only face the difficulties and win great providence.
 If Heavenly Court won, they wouldn’t kill the humans.
 Therefore, he didn’t stop Xue Minghe and let him make the mistake.
 If the Heavenly Emperor won the calamity because of this, Han Jue would have repaid the favor and would not owe him anything anymore.
 As for whether he would join Heavenly Court in the future, he had to think about it.
 The Heavenly Court was too troublesome!
 Joining them would affect Han Jue’s Dao heart.
 Han Jue was still a distance away from the Five Mystic Divine Origin, but he was becoming more and more determined.
 On this day.
 Han Jue suddenly felt a terrifying aura descend on the Nine Nether Purgatory.
 “I’m the leader of the Golden Crow Divine Clan, Di Lantian. From today onwards, the Golden Crow Divine Clan will enter the Nine Nether Purgatory. I hope that the Jie School and the Vermilion Bird Race will not find trouble with us!”
 Di Lantian’s voice resounded throughout the Nine Nether Purgatory. He was extremely arrogant. Han Jue was speechless. Where did you get your confidence from?
 He became nervous.
 Why was Di Lantian here?
 Could it be Jiang Yi?
 Han Jue immediately called Jiang Yi in.
 After Jiang Yi entered the cave abode, he was the first to speak. “It has nothing to do with me! I didn’t reveal that the Hidden Sect is in the Nine Nether Purgatory! After coming here, I haven’t communicated with the Golden Crow Divine Clan, either.”
 For some reason, Jiang Yi was inexplicably nervous, afraid that Han Jue would take his anger out on him.
 Han Jue asked, “So what now?”
 Jiang Yi said, “I’ll pretend not to know about this. I won’t go out to find the Golden Crow Divine Clan, either. They’re too arrogant now. I’m afraid of being implicated.”

