 Jiang Yi acted very sensibly, causing Han Jue to be too embarrassed to pursue the matter.
 Han Jue didn’t want to expose his whereabouts, even if the other party didn’t know that he was the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 Han Jue asked, “If the Golden Crow Divine Clan wants to recall you, will you return?”
 Jiang Yi replied without hesitation, “No, I want to cultivate. I’m not living for the Golden Crow Divine Clan!”
 He had been on Hidden Sect Island for some time and had discovered the opportunities here. The Fusang Tree and the Ten Thousand Bodhi Tree were both cultivation holy objects. There was also a simulation trial that could quickly and without a price increase his combat ability.
 They didn’t need to do missions or contribute.
 Han Jue would even preach occasionally! He was simply too happy here!
 In any case, Jiang Yi did not want to return. In the Golden Crow Divine Clan, he did not feel any competition among his peers. However, he felt pressure on Hidden Sect Island. This filled him with fighting spirit when cultivating, and he did not want to be weaker than others.
 Han Jue smiled in satisfaction. “You’re promising.”
 Jiang Yi curled his lips.
 What happened?
 Unknowingly, why did he feel that he was a generation younger than Han Jue?
 In the past, he treated Han Jue as a younger brother who needed to be taken care of. Now, he was actually afraid of his emotions.
 Jiang Yi felt that it was unbelievable even when he recalled it, but this also showed how terrifying Han Jue’s shrewdness was.
 Being strong was not terrifying. What was terrifying was being strong and knowing how to restrain himself! Han Jue said, “The Golden Crow Divine Clan has already entered the calamity. No matter how they contact you, don’t care. Even if the Golden Crow Divine Clan is extinct, as long as you, Ah Da, and Xiao Er survive, won’t the Golden Crow Divine Clan have hope? You’re avoiding the calamity now because you’re working hard for the future of the Golden Crow Divine Clan.”
 How shameless!
 He spoke of cowardice so confidently. Even Jiang Yi felt less guilty about the Golden Crow Divine Clan when he thought about it.
 Of course, this was only Jiang Yi’s mentality. He didn’t dare to say it.
 Han Jue waved his hand and gestured for him to leave.
 Jiang Yi hesitated and finally chose to leave.
 He wanted Han Jue to tell him a story, but he couldn’t ask.
 The interference of the Golden Crow Divine Clan broke the silence of the Nine Nether Purgatory. Those Golden Crows couldn’t stay idle and wandered around. From time to time, Golden Crows flew past the sky above Hidden Sect Island.
 Every time Ah Da and Xiao Er saw them, their expressions became complicated.
 They were Golden Crows who had been expelled from the race. Their feelings towards the Golden Crow Divine Clan were very complicated.
 After a few years, the Golden Crow Divine Clan no longer went out.
 Another 32 years passed.
 Han Jue’s cultivation improved again. The negative karma vortex around Hidden Sect Island was quite vast. Fortunately, no living beings nearby approached.
 The Vermilion Bird Race, the Golden Crow Divine Clan, and the Jie School had been very harmonious recently. It was as if they were really here to avoid calamity.
 On this day.
 As Han Jue cultivated, he checked his emails and suddenly saw an email.
 (Your good friend Di Lantian has been demonized and his providence has transformed.]
 Demonized?
 What happened? Han Jue frowned. Di Lantian wasn’t a mortal. He was the Divine Golden Crow. How could he be demonized?
 Could this be related to the Devil Race?
 Han Jue immediately asked in his heart, “Why was Di Lantian demonized?”
 Di Lantian was in the Nine Nether Purgatory. Han Jue had to be careful.
 [A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue!
 Han Jue hadn’t used the derivation function for a long time, so he didn’t feel any heartache.
 Immediately after, his consciousness entered the illusion.
 This was a dark and mysterious space. Di Lantian had transformed into a three-legged Golden Crow that was larger than a mountain. He was like the sun, bringing the only light in this space. Han Jue stood in front of Di Lantian and had to look up at him.
 What was this fellow doing?
 Han Jue noticed Di Lantian’s gaze. He turned around and discovered a pair of eyes in the darkness. They were cold and terrifying.
 These eyes were even larger than Di Lantian’s main body, filled with pressure.
 For some reason, Han Jue immediately thought of a name.
 Devil Ancestor!
 This big shot had entered Han Jue’s vision very early on. Previously, in the Reroll World, the Devil Ancestor had also made arrangements, causing the Heavenly Court to slaughter the world. In the thousands of years after, the Devil Ancestor and the Devil Race seemed to have stopped and did not make any move.
 Di Lantian slowly said, “Do I have to cooperate with you?”
 “Yes. Even if you join forces with Hao Tian, you will still suffer a crushing defeat. You can’t even defeat the eldest disciple of the Human School. How can you win the calamity? Although the Emperor Ancestral Bell is strong, your cultivation level is insufficient. You can’t display its full strength,” he replied coldly.
 Di Lantian was silent.
 Clearly, the battle with Heavenly Court had dealt him a heavy blow. The cold eyes opened again and said, “The calamity has already lasted for thousands of years. The negative karma of the Immortal World has also accumulated to a certain extent. Next is the true era of competition. Ordinary Zenith Heavens are not qualified to compete. Jade Emperor Zhou Yan, who is behind the Heavenly Court, will appear. Nüwa Imperial Palace, which is behind the Human Race, will also take action. You have to choose your backing. Although I was expelled by the Heavenly Dao, I’m an existence who can compete with the Dao Ancestor!”
 Di Lantian stared at him and asked in a low voice, “But how do I know if the Golden Crow Divine Clan will become a puppet of the Devil Race?”
 It was indeed the Devil Ancestor!
 Han Jue was secretly shocked. Even the Devil Race was about to enter the calamity.
 The Devil Ancestor snorted. “After experiencing the Heavenly Dao Immeasurable Calamity so many times, don’t you understand? No race can completely dominate under the Heavenly Dao, including the humans. The humans seem to be the protagonists of the Heavenly Dao, but they are actually slaves that the Sages earn their faith from. They’re livestock raised by the immortals to ensure their status. What the Heavenly Dao really wants is for all living beings to be harmonious. The Devil Race and the Golden Crow Divine Clan can control the Immortal World together and attack the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End. They can develop the Dark Forbidden Zone. Instead of internal strife, it’s better to become eternal allies.
 “As long as you agree, I can lend you my power and let you become an invincible existence below the Sages!”
 Di Lantian’s expression changed.
 The scene shattered.
 Han Jue came back to his senses and frowned. Di Lantian had already been demonized, which meant that he had agreed to the Devil Ancestor’s proposal. From the Devil Ancestor’s words, he could guess that the peak of the calamity was about to arrive. In other words, the true slaughter was about to begin.
 Han Jue could only pray for the Heavenly Court.
 Previously, the Heavenly Court had been going against the Devil Race and had defeated Di Lantian. He would definitely find trouble with the Heavenly Court.
 Han Jue thought for a moment and decided to use the Dark Nightmare to visit the Heavenly Emperor.
 He used the image of the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 The dream was a sea of clouds. Han Jue and the Heavenly Emperor stood facing each other.
 The Heavenly Emperor was stunned for a moment before his gaze landed on Han Jue. He narrowed his eyes and asked, “Dark Forbidden Lord?”
 He didn’t seem surprised.
 Han Jue didn’t admit or deny it. Instead, he said, “Di Lantian obtained the power of the Devil Ancestor.”
 The Heavenly Emperor frowned. He was filled with fear.
 It was not targeted at Di Lantian or the Devil Ancestor, but towards the mysterious existence suspected to be the Dark Forbidden Lord!
 He could actually forcefully drag him into a dream, this method was unimaginable!
 Either this Mystical Power was extremely profound, or the other party’s cultivation level far exceeded his!
 No matter what, the Heavenly Emperor had to be careful.

