 Han Jue said, “The Heavenly Court is nothing to me. The foundation of the Heavenly Court is still too weak. The reason why I’m reminding you is that the Heavenly Court can attract the attention of all living beings. I don’t want the Heavenly Court to collapse for the time being.”
 Apart from posturing, there was nothing else.
 Han Jue said this on purpose. What it meant in the Heavenly Emperor’s ears was that it was none of his business.
 It was good enough as long as the Heavenly Emperor did not expect him to be the Dark Forbidden Lord!
 The Heavenly Emperor frowned again.
 These words could represent many meanings, but he couldn’t eliminate the possibility that the other party would definitely not become enemies with the Heavenly Court.
 Han Jue shattered the dream. The more he spoke, the more mistakes he would make, so he just stopped here.
 After returning to reality, Han Jue didn’t receive any notification that the Heavenly Emperor’s favorability towards him had decreased.
 He had been thinking that if the other party had a favorable impression of him but hated his other identity, how should he judge?
 From the looks of it, the system would choose the other party’s impression of his main body.
 Han Jue continued to use the derivation function and asked in his heart, “I want to know if the Heavenly Emperor can survive this calamity.”
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 (Yes, for the time being.]
 For the time being.
 It meant that according to the current development, the Heavenly Emperor could live.
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 He felt that the Heavenly Emperor owed him too much.
 The Heavenly Emperor had died in the past few simulated calamities.
 How many years had Han Jue sacrificed for the Heavenly Emperor?
 It was immeasurable!
 Han Jue stopped thinking and continued cultivating
 Next, he would try his best to derive the future as little as possible in case new changes happened.
 Of course, if it was about his own safety, Han Jue would still try his best to find a way out.
 Twenty years later.
 Boom!
 Hidden Sect Island suddenly shook as if hit by a huge object.
 Han Jue was awakened. He opened his eyes and saw a huge golden bell wrapped in black aura outside Hidden Sect Island. On the top of the huge bell stood a figure.
 It was Di Lantian!
 Why was this fellow here?
 Di Lantian looked down and muttered, “The surrounding negative karma has all surged here. There’s actually a formation that can resist the Zenith Heaven. Could it be someone’s Dao Field? Or a mystic realm?”
 Han Jue’s voice sounded, “Fellow Daoist, what do you mean?”
 His tone was very impolite. He couldn’t humble himself now.
 Han Jue didn’t want to use Jiang Yi’s name. This would expose his identity and cultivation. Di Lantian asked in surprise, “Who are you? You actually hid in the Nine Nether Purgatory alone! I’m Di Lantian of the Golden Crow Divine Clan. I’m now taking over the Nine Nether Purgatory. If you’re willing to join us, I will welcome you. If not, please leave.” Leave?
 Han Jue smiled and asked directly, “Can I continue cultivating after joining?”
 Di Lantian smiled. “Of course…”
 A figure suddenly rushed out of Hidden Sect Island. It was Lü Bu, the guard. He slapped the Emperor Ancestral Bell away.
 Di Lantian squatted down and used his Dharmic powers to stabilize the Emperor Ancestral Bell. He looked at Lü Bu with wide eyes. “Zu Tu! Why is it you?”
 Lü Bu was expressionless.
 Di Lantian smiled and said, “So, you were hiding here. Then, there’s no problem. Pretend I’ve never been here. Continue cultivating.’
 With that, he turned around and left.
 Lü Bu returned to Hidden Sect Island.
 The Black Hell Chicken looked at Jiang Yi and cursed, “Are your Golden Crow Divine Clan so unreasonable?”
 The others were also rather displeased.
 Jiang Yi said awkwardly, “It’s just him! Not me!”
 He seemed to have forgotten that he had been so arrogant and fearless in the past. Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 Han Jue began the simulation trial with Di Lantian.
 He wanted to see if Di Lantian’s Emperor Ancestral Bell could break through the defense of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 Five minutes later, he opened his eyes.
 In terms of Dharma treasures, the Emperor Ancestral Bell could not break through the defense of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus. The reverse was the same. However, Di Lantian’s cultivation was extremely strong and he killed Han Jue.
 He couldn’t defeat this fellow!
 No!
 The Nine Nether Purgatory was no longer safe.
 Although with Lü Bu around, he could block Di Lantian, he might not be able to block the entire Golden Crow Divine Clan.
 Han Jue controlled Hidden Sect Island and started to escape.
 He didn’t plan to leave the Nine Nether Purgatory for the time being because he had no better place to go. If Di Lantian wanted to kill him, he had no choice but to let Jiang Yi appear.
 In a few months, a war broke out in the Nine Nether Purgatory. The Golden Crow Divine Clan fought against the Vermilion Bird Race and the Jie School.
 Han Jue saw from the emails that Jing Tiangong and Huang Zuntian were constantly being attacked. It seemed that the battle was very dangerous.
 Di Lantian was really arrogant. He actually wanted to occupy the Nine Nether Purgatory.
 Han Jue had to curse him. If he succeeded, he would definitely find trouble with him in the future.
 Ten days later, the battle pressure of the Nine Nether Purgatory stopped.
 Han Jue’s lifespan had already decreased by two billion years, and Di Lantian didn’t develop any mental demons.
 No, this fellow was already demonized. How could he develop a mental demon?
 However, it seemed that Han Jue’s curse had succeeded, forcing Di Lantian to stop fighting.
 In a flaming palace in the Golden Crow Divine Clan, Di Lantian was alone.
 His expression darkened. Beside him was the shrunken Emperor Ancestral Bell.
 “The curse just now was so strong. It must be the Dark Forbidden Lord. Why would he target
 me?”
 “Could it be that the rumors are true? The Dark Forbidden Lord is hiding in the Nine Nether Purgatory? Or is he from the Jie School?”
 The more Di Lantian thought about it, the more likely he thought it was. He had been in the Nine Nether Purgatory for a period of time. Why did the Dark Forbidden Lord only curse him when he fought with the Jie School?
 As for Zu Tu, it was impossible for it to be him. Zu Tu had been cursed by the Dark Forbidden Lord to the point of death. The Divine Palace was even taken over. Could it be a self-directed show?
 No, if this was all an act, the price was too high!
 “Damn it, I still have to fuse with the Devil Ancestor’s Dao Fruit first. I can’t act rashly.”
 Di Lantian’s eyes flickered.
 He suddenly thought of something and smiled.
 On the other side.
 Jie School.
 In a palace, dozens of upper echelons of the Jie School gathered. Huang Zuntian was also among them. Jing Tiangong laughed and said, “Di Lantian’s aura was clearly strange during the battle. It must be the Dark Forbidden Lord cursing him. I’ve already said that the Dark Forbidden Lord is paying attention to us. He will support the Jie School!”
 Everyone from the Jie School looked at each other. They didn’t believe it in the past, but they did now after the previous battle. Originally, they could not defeat Di Lantian, but his Dharmic powers suddenly surged and he was surrounded by the aura of misfortune. If it was not a curse, what was it?
 Huang Zuntian frowned. He was secretly shocked.
 This vice sect master really hooked up with the Dark Forbidden Lord?
 Was the Sage of the Jie School not angry about this?
 Jing Tiangong said, “Di Lantian is full of ambition and still wants to occupy the Nine Nether Purgatory. It’s simply intolerable by the Heavenly Dao. We have to think of a way to destroy the Golden Crow Divine Clan. The strength of us and the Vermilion Bird Race alone is not enough. We have to invite other forces!”

