 To prevent being discovered again, Han Jue had no choice but to absorb the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus’ negative karma.
 After sparring with Di Lantian, Han Jue felt the pressure.
 Although Di Lantian was at the Zenith Heaven Realm and had obtained the power of the Devil Ancestor, Han Jue felt that it was impossible to kill him.
 Looking at Li Daokong, even though he had just entered the Zenith Heaven Realm, he had never been severely injured no matter what big shots he faced.
 No!
 I have to be stronger than Li Daokong!
 Han Jue set another goal for himself. His combat strength had to surpass Li Daokong’s!
 Li Daokong was the only person among Han Jue’s good friends who had never suffered a setback. Furthermore, this fellow was the most reckless.
 What did that mean?
 This meant that Li Daokong was extremely strong!
 His talent was stronger than all of Han Jue’s friends!
 The Human School only had two disciples. The eyes of a Sage were definitely sharp! With a goal, Han Jue’s fighting spirit became stronger.
 Seven years later, Han Jue suddenly discovered that there were more and more living beings in the Nine Nether Purgatory. Han Jue saw an email and realized that something was wrong.
 (Your good friend Zhang Guxing has entered the Nine Nether Purgatory.]
 Could the recent addition of living beings be the Divine Palace cultivators?
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more likely he thought it was. Di Lantian saw Lü Bu and mistook him for Zu
 The Divine Palace was leaderless and was scattered by the Heavenly Court. When those Divine Palace cultivators heard that Zu Tu was in the Nine Nether Purgatory, why wouldn’t they come and seek refuge? Didn’t Di Lantian want to dominate the Nine Nether Purgatory? Why did he reveal this information?
 Han Jue felt that something was wrong.
 It was time to run!
 Han Jue immediately controlled Hidden Sect Island to break through the space of the Nine Nether Purgatory and forcefully returned to the netherworld.
 The current Nine Nether Purgatory’s space was weak. Ordinary Immortal Emperors could enter and leave as they pleased.
 Han Jue sent a voice transmission to Liu Bei and asked him to bring Hidden Sect Island to find the so-called Dark Zone. Liu Bei immediately did as he was told. The Hidden Sect Island was only the size of a stone. Being grabbed by Liu Bei, it instantly fell into darkness.
 The disciples of the Hidden Sect felt that the island was moving quickly.
 “What’s going on? We seem to have left the Nine Nether Purgatory!” the Black Hell Demon Lord asked in shock.
 The Black Hell Chicken rolled its eyes at him and said angrily, “Brother, do you have a dog’s brain? More and more people are finding trouble with us recently. We must be running away! Liu Bei has already gone out. He must be leading the way!”
 The Black Hell Demon Lord’s face turned ashen. Although the Black Hell Chicken made sense, it was too disrespectful!
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog said angrily, “You’re not allowed to insult dogs!”
 Li Yao heaved a sigh of relief. She had long felt that the Nine Nether Purgatory was not safe. Fortunately, Han Jue also realized this.
 Jiang Yi asked curiously, “Where do you think we’ll go next?”
 Could there be a place more peaceful than the Nine Nether Purgatory?
 The others also guessed.
 Han Jue heard their conversation but didn’t say anything
 His divine sense kept staring outside, afraid that something would happen to Liu Bei.
 Not long after Hidden Sect Island left the Nine Nether Purgatory, another large faction descended.
 The Nine Nether Purgatory was in chaos!
 Five years later.
 Liu Bei finally arrived at the mysterious space with Hidden Sect Island. Then, Han Jue asked him to return to the island.
 After entering the island, Liu Bei heaved a sigh of relief. He had been extremely nervous in the past five years, afraid that he would encounter a powerful enemy.
 The current netherworld was extremely chaotic. Other than ghosts, there were also living beings from the Immortal World who came to avoid the calamity. The King of Hell seemed to be unable to control the order. Liu Bei had seen many battles along the way. Han Jue controlled the Hidden Sect Island to continue forward. At the same time, he thought to himself, “Is this Dark Forbidden Zone safe to place my Dao Field?”
 These were two questions.
 One, was it the Dark Forbidden Zone?
 Two, was it safe?
 (Safe for the time being.)
 This time, the system did not deduct his lifespan. It seemed that there was no need to derive it.
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 He could finally hide again!
 To prevent anyone from entering through the entrance Liu Bei had discovered, Han Jue controlled Hidden Sect Island to turn left and right in the Dark Forbidden Zone while checking the surrounding enemies.
 No powerful enemies!
 Not even a single living being could be seen. It seemed like there was really no one in the Dark Forbidden Zone.
 Han Jue was very curious about the absence of living beings. He extended his divine sense and discovered that his divine sense dissipated the moment it left the island. His senses could not spy on the Dark Forbidden Zone.
 This was extremely terrifying.
 Han Jue had to stop. He was afraid that he would faint and not be able to find a way out in the future.
 No, he had the derivation function. It was not difficult for him to go out.
 Han Jue sent a voice transmission to everyone from the Hidden Sect, “We’ve arrived at the Dark Forbidden Zone. Continue cultivating.”
 Most of the disciples had never heard of the Dark Forbidden Zone and couldn’t help but be curious.
 Murong Qi sighed. “To come to the Dark Forbidden Zone to avoid the calamity, Grandmaster is truly daring!”
 Lu Huaxu, the reincarnated Purple Star Emperor, asked curiously, “Is the Dark Forbidden Zone very dangerous?”
 “It’s not dangerous. On the contrary, there’s nothing here. It’s actually not dark either, but it’s impossible to spy on. It’s like being in complete darkness, so it’s called the Dark Forbidden Zone. There’s no Immortal Qi here, so it’s not suitable for cultivation. However, our island produces Immortal Qi. There’s no need to worry about that.” Murong Qi shook his head.
 Diamond Rage said, “I’ve also heard of the Dark Forbidden Zone. This place is outside the Heavenly Dao. It’s said that if you stay here for too long, you can’t even return to the Heavenly Dao. You will be expelled.”
 When Han Jue heard this, he couldn’t help but ask in his heart, “If I stay in the Dark Forbidden Zone for too long, will I be expelled by the Heavenly Dao?”
 [A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 He was going to spend his life again!
 Han Jue gritted his teeth and chose to continue.
 [No, the Dao Field can isolate the corrosion of the power of darkness.]
 The power of darkness?
 What kind of power was this?
 (5 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Five billion?
 Han Jue thought for a moment and decided to forget it.
 In any case, he wouldn’t be in danger for the time being Just like that, Han Jue started cultivating again.
 Twenty years later.
 While cultivating, Han Jue checked his emails. He was amused when he saw them.
 (Your good friend Di Lantian was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure] x14
 (Your good friend Jing Tiangong was attacked by the Golden Crow Divine Clan) x3900 [Your good friend Huang Zuntian was attacked by the Golden Crow Divine Clan) x478
 [Your good friend Zhang Guxing was attacked by Jie School cultivators] x8766
 (Your good friend Jing Tiangong was attacked by a Buddhist cultivator] x744
 [Your good friend Di Lantian was attacked by your good friend Jiang Dugu.]
 The Nine Nether Purgatory was in chaos!
 Han Jue admired his sense of danger. He had left very accurately. He had only left for a few decades when the Nine Nether Purgatory became chaotic.
 The Divine Palace, the Human School, and other mysterious forces interfered. The Nine Nether Purgatory had already become the second battlefield.
 Han Jue happily absorbed the negative karma in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus. Although he had left the Nine Nether Purgatory, the negative karma accumulated in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus could still let him cultivate for a long time.
 Dong
 Han Jue vaguely heard a bell. It was very weak, as if he was merely hallucinating.
 He immediately thought of Di Lantian’s Emperor Ancestral Bell.
 This bell was worthy of being a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure. Its sound could actually reach the Dark Forbidden Zone and was not afraid of the obstruction of the power of darkness.

