 Han Jue was shocked by the future Xing Hongxuan.
 This improvement was too exaggerated!
 However, Han Jue noticed something. What did the Dao Companion of the Sect Master of the Hidden Sect mean?
 At that time, Han Jue’s status was already comparable to the Immeasurable Emperor, the disciple of a Sage, the Empress of the Human Race, and more!
 Perhaps, he was even stronger!
 Thinking of this, Han Jue was proud.
 As expected of the woman he liked. Not bad.
 This was the first time Han Jue had experienced the providence of the people around him in the calamity. Furthermore, it was not those geniuses or peerless mighty figures. It was Xing Hongxuan, who he had always thought was mediocre.
 “In that case, I don’t have to worry.”
 Han Jue shook his head and laughed. Then, he entered his cultivation state.
 He couldn’t let Xing Hongxuan catch up to him!
 Even the people around him could catch up to him. How could that be allowed!
 Time passed.
 Fifty years passed quickly.
 Ever since he moved to the Dark Forbidden Zone, Hidden Sect Island had not encountered any trouble. The outside of the island was terrifyingly silent. There was nothing.
 Han Jue cultivated with all his heart and finally welcomed the opportunity to break through.
 Before Han Jue broke through, he checked his emails.
 He hadn’t read the emails for twenty years and had almost forgotten to pay attention to the Immortal World.
 [Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by your good friend Di Lantian.]
 (Your good friend Jing Tiangong was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your grand-disciple Fang Liang was attacked by the Golden Crow Divine Clan’s God) x3072
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by the Qilin Race) x14097
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was attacked by a Heavenly Court mighty figure.)
 (Your good friend Xing Hongxuan has obtained the Sage’s inheritance. Her providence has increased greatly.]
 (Your disciple Su Qi trespassed into the Heavenly Dao Domain and suffered a backlash. He was severely injured.)
 (Your good friend Jiang Dugu has entered the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End.)
 The battle had begun!
 Han Jue noticed that the Heavenly Emperor was attacked by a Heavenly Court mighty figure. Which traitor was causing trouble?
 However, the Heavenly Emperor was not severely injured, so Han Jue couldn’t be bothered.
 The Heavenly Emperor was the Heavenly Emperor, after all. He didn’t need to be a nanny.
 Han Jue saw Su Qi’s actions and couldn’t help but feel helpless.
 Why did this kid always want to come back?
 He wasn’t attacked, either. He was constantly facing the backlash of the Heavenly Dao.
 Who asked you to go out and still want to come back!
 Han Jue had no intention of helping Su Qi. He didn’t have the ability, either.
 After arriving at the Dark Forbidden Zone, it was very difficult for the commotion in the Immortal World to spread here. Only Di Lantian’s Emperor Ancestral Bell could produce a sound, and it was very weak.
 From the emails, Han Jue couldn’t know the exact situation of the Heavenly Court.
 It was fine as long as the Heavenly Emperor did not die.
 Han Jue had already paved so many paths for the Heavenly Court. It was time they rely on themselves.
 After reading the emails, Han Jue started to break through
 About four years later, Han Jue successfully broke through.
 [Name: Han Jue]
 (Race: Primordial Fiendcelestial]
 (Cultivation: Five Mystic Divine Origin]
 [Technique: Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao, Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering]
 (Great Dao: Great Dao of Life and Death, Great Dao of Karma]
 Five Mystic Divine Origin!
 His lifespan had increased by nearly a third!
 Han Jue’s Divine Origin Dharmic powers transformed and the strength of his divine sense also increased.
 He began to consolidate his cultivation, spending another three years.
 After his cultivation stabilized, Han Jue didn’t squander his lifespan. Instead, he increased his various Mystical Powers and his strength. He discovered that after coming to the Dark Forbidden Zone, he could no longer enter the Sword Dao River, but his Sword Dao Mystical Powers could still become stronger.
 In other words, in the Dark Forbidden Zone, he could bypass Li Daokong and raise his Mystical Powers to the limit!
 The first thing he comprehended was Unparalleled Sword Qi.
 Every time he broke through, Han Jue’s understanding of the Sword Dao would deepen. With his top-notch comprehension of the Sword Dao, he could always break through the limits of the Sword Dao Mystical Power.
 At the same time.
 Everyone from the Hidden Sect turned to look at the Connate Cave Abode.
 They could all sense a powerful pressure. Jiang Yi was secretly shocked. “What is he doing? Did he break through again?”
 Chu Shiren was deep in thought.
 The others had different expressions.
 The Black Hell Chicken looked at Dao Comprehension Sword and smiled. “In the past, when Master broke through, he always chased you out. Now, it’s difficult for you to even enter. Who asked you to act presumptuously and move out of Master’s cave abode.”
 “I think you’re just lusting after Li Yao.”
 “Nonsense!” Dao Comprehension Sword glared at the Black Hell Chicken as Li Yao’s eyes turned hostile.
 Tu Ling’er sighed. “If it were me, I definitely wouldn’t leave.”
 Murong Qi looked at Chu Shiren and asked, “Do you see anything?”
 Chu Shiren closed his eyes and said, “I can’t see anything!
 Two years later, Han Jue raised all his Mystical Powers to the limit.
 His Sword Dao Mystical Powers had all reached the Zenith Heaven Mystical Power level.
 Han Jue used Unparalleled Sword Qi and could instantly use up all the Divine Origin Dharmic powers in his body. It could be seen how terrifying the Zenith Heaven Mystical Power was.
 Han Jue started the simulation trial.
 He would challenge Li Xuan’ao first!
 Ten breaths later.
 Han Jue opened his eyes and was quite dissatisfied.
 He actually could not insta-kill Li Xuan’ao!
 No way.
 He was not strong enough!
 Although Li Xuan’ao’s sword was not simple, Han Jue’s Dharma treasure was also very strong. If he couldn’t insta-kill all the enemies in the Deity Realm, how could he compare to Li Daokong?
 Han Jue deliberately ignored whether Li Daokong could kill all the Deity Realm experts before stepping into the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 He had to set a goal for himself and spur himself on.
 Han Jue challenged Li Daokong again.
 Li Daokong was not as powerful as he was now when he preached the Dao in the Great Ultimate Hall, but he still caused Han Jue a lot of trouble. It took him an hour to win.
 Han Jue was furious.
 If not for the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus, he wouldn’t have been able to defeat Li Daokong.
 No!
 He had to defeat Li Daokong!
 Han Jue became excited and started to challenge Li Daokong again.
 After more than ten thousand battles, Han Jue lost and won repeatedly. He discovered a fatal weakness of Li Daokong. This fellow was too arrogant. He didn’t use his full strength at the beginning and liked to show off to his enemies with fancy sword techniques.
 If Han Jue used his full strength at the beginning of the battle, his chances of winning would be even higher.
 In the past, most of the candidates had unleashed their full strength from the beginning. Li Daokong was a rare exception.
 However, Han Jue didn’t feel that he had really caught up to Li Daokong. Ever since the end of the lecture in the Great Ultimate Hall, Li Daokong’s strength had also been increasing. Before Han Jue broke through to the Zenith Heaven Realm, he shouldn’t be his match.
 “The Zenith Heaven Mystical Power is indeed powerful, but my Dharmic powers can’t keep up.”
 Han Jue thought silently. He had the Stellar Primordial Body. If even he was like this, other living beings couldn’t use the Zenith Heaven Mystical Powers casually.
 The Zenith Heaven Realm was extremely mysterious and profound. No matter if it was Dao techniques or Mystical Powers, once he stepped into the Zenith Heaven Realm, it would be completely different!
 Han Jue had also fought with Zenith Heaven experts. The most obvious characteristic of Zenith Heaven experts was that they were mysterious and unfathomable as if they could not be injured.
 When the Zenith Heaven used a Mystical Power, he didn’t even need to raise his hand. With a look, all techniques would be unleashed! After learning the Zenith Heaven Mystical Power, Han Jue yearned for the Zenith Heaven Realm even more.
 “I have to hurry up and cultivate. I have to reach the Zenith Heaven Realm in a thousand years!
 “No, a thousand years is too ridiculous, I’ll give myself two thousand years.”
 Han Jue thought.

