 He was only separated from the Zenith Heaven Realm by the Six Mystic Divine Origin and was already very close!
 As Han Jue became stronger, the disciples of the Hidden Sect also became stronger.
 About seven years later.
 Tu Ling’er had succeeded in becoming an Emperor. As expected of the hope of the Magus Race.
 The two female disciples were the first to achieve the Emperor Realm, which was extremely exciting for the other male disciples.
 The other disciples began to cultivate diligently.
 In the blink of an eye.
 Another thirty years passed.
 Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and cursed Hao Tian and Li Xuan’ao.
 While cursing, he checked his emails.
 [Your good friend Divine General was attacked by a Heavenly Court mighty figure and was severely injured.) [Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure] x14
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by the True Dragon Race) x403322
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan was suppressed by your good friend Di Lantian and imprisoned in the sun.]
 (Your grand-disciple Fang Liang has obtained the inheritance of your good friend Heavenly Emperor. He has learned an unparalleled Mystical Power.]
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian was attacked by the Golden Crow Divine Clan) x689 [Your good friend Pan Xin has become a person facing the calamity.]
 Han Jue frowned. Internal strife in the Heavenly Court?
 Why did Fang Liang obtain the Heavenly Emperor’s inheritance? Was he passing on the baton?
 Zhou Fan was actually suppressed by Di Lantian and not killed. It seemed that the current Zhou Fan was not simple.
 As for Pan Xin…
 Wasn’t this fellow very timid? Why did he become someone facing the calamity again?
 This fellow was an Immeasurable Emperor himself. He had once won great providence in the previous Immeasurable Calamity. Why had he entered the calamity again?
 Han Jue looked at Pan Xin’s attributes panel again.
 [Pan Xin: Cultivation unknown. One of the first living beings after the creation of the universe. He has experienced the Immeasurable Calamity. As he is afraid of being discovered by the ancient Master of Calamity, he especially infiltrated the Sword Dao River. Due to your nature, he has developed an interest in you. Current favorability: 1 star.)
 Oh.
 So he was not an Immeasurable Emperor. He had only experienced the Immeasurable Calamity.
 I knew it. How can a coward like him win the Immeasurable Calamity?
 Han Jue no longer paid attention to Pan Xin. Even if Pan Xin died, he was indifferent.
 Half a month later, Han Jue put down the Book of Misfortune and asked in his heart, “I want to know if the Heavenly Emperor can survive this Immeasurable Calamity.”
 (A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [No]
 These two simple words were like a basin of cold water poured on Han Jue’s heart. Han Jue showed a frown.
 Why did it become no?
 What happened?
 Han Jue asked, “I want to know who the greatest winner of this Immeasurable Calamity is.”
 (3 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Three billion years!
 This was at least a Pseudo-Sage!
 Han Jue’s heart trembled.
 Continue!
 Han Jue felt dizzy and quickly entered the illusion.
 Above a ruined hall, a figure floated in midair. His body was surrounded by colorful lights like dragons and snakes.
 Isn’t this…
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan!
 This fellow had indeed made a move. Wasn’t he the backing of the Heavenly Emperor?
 He had won, so why was the Heavenly Emperor dead?
 Could it be that the Heavenly Emperor had been sacrificed by him?
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible.
 A figure suddenly walked into the hall. It was the extremely heroic-looking Heavenly God General.
 Han Jue didn’t know the Heavenly God General personally.
 The Heavenly God General walked to Jade Emperor Zhou Yan and knelt down. He cupped his fists and said, “Your Majesty, Immortal Emperor Samsara has been executed!”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan didn’t even open his eyes as he said, “Clean up all the living beings in the Heavenly Dao and kill them all. I want to create a new Heavenly Dao world.” “But the Heavenly Dao…” “I’ve already blocked the heavenly secrets. Go ahead!” “Alright!”
 The Heavenly God General stood up and left.
 Han Jue was furious. Why did he want to slaughter the world again?
 Were all these mighty figures who had won the Immeasurable Calamity mentally ill?
 The illusion shattered.
 Han Jue’s consciousness returned to reality. “I want to know why Jade Emperor Zhou Yan wants to kill the Heavenly Emperor,” Han Jue asked in his heart.
 He had learned his lesson. He could pay the price of one question to ask two questions.
 This way, he could confirm that the Heavenly Emperor was killed by Jade Emperor Zhou Yan. If that was the case, what was Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s motive?
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 It was nothing!
 Han Jue entered the illusion again.
 It was that palace again, but it was not broken. Han Jue guessed that this was the Numinous Palace.
 The Heavenly Emperor sat on a high throne. Dozens of immortals gathered in the hall.
 The Divine General, Ji Xianshen, Fang Liang, Li Daokong, Li Xuan’ao, and the others were also here.
 The Heavenly Emperor was expressionless. His eyes were extremely cold and flickered with killing intent.
 “Heavenly Emperor, are you really betraying me?”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s voice suddenly sounded in the hall. It was difficult to find the source.
 The Heavenly Emperor said coldly, “I didn’t betray you. You betrayed the Heavenly Court and the Heavenly Dao!”
 The immortals in the hall looked around, most of them looking terrified.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan sneered. “Is the Heavenly Court the Dao Ancestor’s or the Heavenly Dao’s? Is everything you control really for the Heavenly Dao?”
 The Heavenly Emperor said, “Your thoughts are too crazy. I won’t destroy all living beings and help you create a Heavenly Dao world that belongs to you.”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan said coldly, “The Sages have already tacitly agreed. Are you going to insist?”
 “I only believe in the Dao Ancestor!” “The Dao Ancestor is long gone. He has already fused with the Heavenly Dao and is indistinguishable now.”
 “Then, I should protect the Heavenly Dao even more!”
 “You’re courting death!” Jade Emperor Zhou Yan said angrily. The Numinous Palace began to shake violently.
 The scene shattered.
 Han Jue frowned. So, it was because their ideals were different that the Heavenly Emperor and Jade Emperor Zhou Yan fell out.
 Although this information was learned in the previous derivation, Han Jue did not feel that it was a loss. At the very least, he knew that the Heavenly Emperor had died in the hands of Jade Emperor Zhou Yan. Next, he could counterattack!
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was too similar to a villain. The standard of a villain was to destroy the world.
 Han Jue felt that Jade Emperor Zhou Yan shouldn’t be taking revenge on all living beings. He only had his own selfish desires and created a Heavenly Dao world that belonged to him. Then, wasn’t he the Heavenly Dao?
 Dream on!
 Han Jue caught something.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan said that the Sages had tacitly agreed.
 If it was true, it would be terrifying. Could this be a game between the Sages and the Dao Ancestor?
 Everyone knew that the Dao Ancestor was the mighty figure who spread the Dao of cultivation for all living beings in the Heavenly Dao. He was also the first Sage in the world and the guide of all living beings.
 Han Jue guessed from the information he had obtained before that the reason why the Dao Ancestor disappeared was probably to break through and become stronger to fuse with the Heavenly Dao.
 Wasn’t overturning the Heavenly Dao equivalent to overthrowing the Dao Ancestor?
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible.
 This Immeasurable Calamity was becoming more and more dangerous.
 No!
 Han Jue had to hurry up and become a Zenith Heaven cultivator. Otherwise, it would be difficult for him to protect himself.
 Han Jue took out the Heavenly Dao Token and contacted the Heavenly Emperor.
 Soon, the divine sense connection was successful.
 “Your Majesty, how have you been recently?” Han Jue asked directly. The Heavenly Emperor replied, “It’s alright. There was some trouble in the Heavenly Court, but it didn’t affect me much.”
 He sounded tired.
 “By the way, I’ve decided to choose your grand-disciple Fang Liang as the next Heavenly Emperor. I’m prepared to nurture him.”
 The Heavenly Emperor’s words were shocking. It frightened Han Jue so much that his hand trembled and the Heavenly Dao Token almost fell from his grasp.

