 What was going on!
 Wasn’t it the Divine General?
 Han Jue was surprised. This had exceeded his expectations.
 If Fang Liang became the Heavenly Emperor, it would be even harder for the Hidden Sect and the Heavenly Court to sever ties.
 The Heavenly Emperor wanted to tie him to them?
 The Heavenly Emperor said, “The Heavenly Court needs a new Heavenly Emperor. It would be best if he was a weak puppet that can make the other factions let down their guard. I will stay behind the scenes and continue to support the Heavenly Court. The reason why the Heavenly Court has always been troubled internally and externally is that I have always been in the open.”
 Oh, you actually know that?!
 Han Jue wanted to retort, but he held back.
 Puzzled, he asked, “You’re only giving way. How can the enemy relax?”
 “I will fake my death.”
 “Who will kill you?”
 Han Jue had a bad feeling.
 “Dark Forbidden Lord!”
 Han Jue almost cursed.
 Why is it me again!
 Why am I taking the blame?
 Han Jue suppressed his anger and asked, “Won’t this benefit the Dark Forbidden Lord? Too many mighty figures have died in his hands.”
 “I want to support the Dark Forbidden Lord!”
 The Heavenly Emperor’s tone was filled with pride.
 Han Jue was speechless.
 He didn’t dare to speak for the Dark Forbidden Lord. He was afraid of exposing himself. Thus, he could only agree.
 The Heavenly Emperor said, “I’m telling you to be at ease lest you worry after knowing that I’ve died.”
 “I understand. Be careful, Your Majesty.” “Mm.”
 His divine sense was severed.
 Han Jue put down the Heavenly Dao Token and fell into endless worry. He didn’t want to enter the calamity, but it was fate.
 Although Han Jue was cautious and even timid, no matter who threatened his life, he would not be merciful.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was prepared to slaughter the world. This would definitely threaten him.
 Although Han Jue had already hidden in the Dark Forbidden Zone, his disciples and Dao Companions were still in the Immortal World. In addition, the myriad worlds were gone. Who could guarantee that Jade Emperor Zhou Yan would not target the Dark Forbidden Zone?
 After slaughtering all living beings, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s cultivation level would definitely increase. The entire providence of the Heavenly Dao would be injected into his body, so how could he not be strong?
 He had to kill Jade Emperor Zhou Yan!
 Han Jue’s eyes became firm.
 But before that, he had to become a Zenith Heaven cultivator first!
 Then, Han Jue closed his eyes and continued cultivating
 In the dark and mysterious universe, a huge sun burned. There was a figure on the surface of the sun, like sand. It was extremely tiny. He was wrapped in chains and could not break free.
 This person was Zhou Fan. He was naked and his muscles were arched. His face was sinister sd he endured unimaginable torture. Di Lantian’s voice suddenly sounded, “Have you thought it through?”
 Zhou Fan roared, “Get lost. I won’t accept you!”
 Di Lantian smiled teasingly. “It’s very simple for me to kill you. With a breath, you will die. Your fate is rough. Are you really willing to let go of everything you’ve worked so hard for?”
 Zhou Fan’s eyes turned red as he cursed, “What do you know! I’m fighting for dignity!”
 Di Lantian was silent.
 At this moment, the True Sun Flame on the sun increased in intensity and burned Zhou Fan, causing him to roar in pain.
 There was no fear in Zhou Fan’s eyes, only endless anger.
 For some reason, he suddenly thought of Han Jue.
 If it was Han Jue, would he submit?
 No!
 Han Jue was a very determined person!
 In the past, no one could shake Han Jue’s will. In the past, he thought that Han Jue was only timid. Later, when an immortal descended into the mortal world and cleaned up the mortal world, Han Jue stood up. At that moment, he understood something.
 Han Jue was never timid. He only had his own ideals!
 “I can’t let him look down on me. I still want to surpass him!”
 Zhou Fan gritted his teeth as he thought. Strange red patterns appeared on his body, and he began to absorb the True Sun Flame.
 Time flew.
 Forty years passed. Han Jue had been cultivating in seclusion and attempting to reach the Six Mystic Divine Origin.
 Until this day.
 “Dark Forbidden Lord, you cursed the Heavenly Court and harmed me. I’m willing to curse you with the providence of the Heavenly Emperor. Even if I die, I will not hesitate!”
 The Heavenly Emperor’s voice suddenly sounded, his tone filled with anger.
 Han Jue couldn’t help but sigh.
 What a good actor.
 He saw an email.
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor died. Fortunately, he left a trace of his soul in the Supreme Treasure.]
 A big shot was a big shot, indeed. He managed to deceive everyone.
 Han Jue guessed that there was probably going to be a golden rain again in the myriad worlds and the phenomenon of Zenith Heaven dying.
 Soon, Han Jue saw another email.
 He had really become the Heavenly Emperor!
 Han Jue had mixed emotions. He didn’t expect the next Heavenly Emperor to be Fang Liang. In his opinion, it would be either the Divine General or Hao Tian.
 Could it be that the Divine General had been severely injured not long ago?
 Han Jue didn’t think too much about it. After confirming that the Heavenly Emperor’s portrait was still there, he continued cultivating
 At the same time.
 Everyone from the Hidden Sect was also discussing this matter.
 The death of the Heavenly Emperor had too great an impact. It also involved the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 “This Dark Forbidden Lord is too strong. Does he want to challenge the entire Immortal World alone?” the Black Hell Chicken shouted.
 Murong Qi sighed. “The Heavenly Emperor is very strong. The Dark Forbidden Lord is indeed not simple.”
 Li Yao asked, “Could he be acting? Is he trying to avoid danger?”
 Chu Shiren said, “Not really. If he acts like this, Heavenly Court’s providence will also decrease. Aren’t they afraid of being kicked by the enemy?”
 The others were also discussing and had different opinions.
 Han Jue had made up his mind to cultivate, so he didn’t pay attention to the commotion in the Immortal World. He didn’t even visit Fang Liang in his dreams.
 Fang Liang’s unwillingness to return had already indicated his will.
 Even if Fang Liang died outside, Han Jue wouldn’t care.
 He didn’t owe Fang Liang anything. On the contrary, the person he saved the most was Fang Liang. He was even more troublesome than women.
 If not for Han Jue, Fang Liang would have died countless times already.
 About seventeen years passed.
 Han Jue, who was cultivating, was suddenly woken up. Someone was summoning him from the Chaotic Domain.
 Han Jue thought for a moment and still decided to meet Dao Sovereign.
 After not seeing him for so many years, was he going to give him another opportunity?
 Arriving in the dark Chaotic Domain, Han Jue saw Dao Sovereign’s figure. The two of them couldn’t see each other clearly.
 Apart from Dao Sovereign, there was another figure.
 Eh?
 A newcomer?
 Dao Sovereign said, “This is a fellow Daoist who has just awakened his Chaotic Physique. He’s from the human race.” Han Jue sized up this figure. He couldn’t tell if it was male or female, nor could he see its true appearance.
 Han Jue nodded slightly and didn’t say anything
 The human prodigy did not seem to be good with words. He did not say a word. “This time…” Dao Sovereign said. “Could it be another opportunity?” Han Jue interrupted him and asked.
 Dao Sovereign was embarrassed.
 Han Jue’s eyelids twitched. Really?
 He directly left the Chaotic Domain.
 Dao Sovereign fell silent.
 The human prodigy couldn’t help but say, “He isn’t giving you face? Who is he? He’s too arrogant!”
 Dao Sovereign coughed and said, “I looked for him twice before, but he rejected me both times. In the end, I still had to rely on him to escape. He thought that all my opportunities meant danger.” The human prodigy was silent. After a long while…
 The human prodigy said, “Sorry, Brother Dao. I’m not going, either.”
 Dao Sovereign: “…”
 He coughed and said, “There won’t be any danger this time.”
 “What if there is?”
 “We can use the Chaotic Domain to let that fellow Daoist save us.”
 “Are you serious?”

