 He had to understand it first. If it was an enemy, he had to kill them as soon as possible.
 If it was not an enemy, he could stay alert in the future and not offend them easily.
 [80 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue!
 It was only 80 million. It seemed that this fellow was not strong. At most, he was at the Deity Realm.
 A line of words appeared in front of Han Jue. [Zhao Xuanyuan: Three Mystic Divine Origin, descendant of the Human Emperor, disciple of a Sage. When he was born, he fused with the soul of a Human Emperor. After being modified by the human race, he developed a Chaotic Physique. He has great providence and is destined to be the Human Emperor.]
 Disciple of a Sage!
 His background was not simple!
 It seemed that this fellow would become the big shot of the next era.
 Han Jue thought silently and didn’t feel anything special.
 Three Mystic Divine Origin was too average.
 As long as one’s cultivation was weaker than his, it was impossible to surpass him!
 After cultivating until now, Han Jue still had this confidence.
 What was the Chaotic Physique? He had the Primordial Physique!
 It was very difficult to compare to big shots in terms of strength. But in terms of potential, what was there to be afraid of?
 In the same realm, Han Jue had the fastest potential and cultivation speed!
 This was unless the Heavenly Dao opened a back door for them!
 Then, Han Jue closed his eyes and continued cultivating.
 He had to reach the Six Mystic Divine Origin within 300 years before he could break through to the Zenith Heaven Realm!
 On the other side.
 The situation in the Immortal World changed. The death of the Heavenly Emperor caused turmoil in the Heavenly Court. Many immortals and gods betrayed the Court. After so many years, the new Heavenly Emperor Fang Liang became a joke because he was only an Immortal Emperor.
 For a time, more and more living beings looked down on the Heavenly Court. The Dark Forbidden Lord became a hot topic of discussion in the heavens again. It lasted for a long time.
 Seventeen years was a long time for the mortal world, but it was very short in the Immortal World.
 Fang Liang had just taken over and was troubled about how to be a good Heavenly Emperor.
 Numinous Palace.
 The immortals gathered and looked at Fang Liang, who was sitting on the Emperor’s throne. He had already put on the Heavenly Emperor’s robe, and his temperament had become oppressive. Li Daokong, Li Xuan’ao, Ji Xianshen, Huang Jihao, the Divine General, the Heavenly God General, the Martial God General, and so on stood hundreds of figures in the hall.
 Ji Xianshen stared at Fang Liang in encouragement. Fang Liang slowly said, “This is the first time I’m an Emperor, and I’m here to face the calamity. From now on, I still have to discuss everything with you immortals. However, there’s one thing. The Heavenly Court will always be the Heavenly Dao’s law enforcers. It will always be my duty to protect all living beings!”
 Only the two disciples of the Human School did not kneel. Previously, when they faced the Heavenly Emperor, they did not kneel. After all, they were not from the Heavenly Court and were only helping them.
 “Now, the Heavenly Court should stabilize its current territory and stop fighting the humans for the time being. The immortals and gods should protect the humans. No matter what reason, we shouldn’t be enemies with the entire human race. The immortals are not tyrants or butchers.”
 Fang Liang continued, his words causing a commotion.
 Battling with the humans was the order of the previous Heavenly Emperor. Fang Liang had just ascended the throne and immediately changed the policy. It seemed that he was not easy to deal with.
 Li Daokong smiled. It was unknown what he was thinking, but many immortals looked at him.
 In the war against the humans, Li Daokong was the first supporter.
 “I think it’s fine. I’ve already given the humans enough warning. The Human School will support Heavenly Emperor Fang’s arrangements!” Li Daokong suddenly said, startling many immortals. Why did the Human School suddenly change sides?
 Wait!
 Could it be…
 The immortals looked at Fang Liang and Li Daokong differently.
 No wonder Fang Liang could become the Heavenly Emperor. It was because of Li Daokong. The Heavenly Emperor probably wanted to tie the Human School to the Heavenly Court, so he chose Fang Liang?
 For a time, the immortals no longer dared to underestimate Fang Liang.
 Fang Liang was expressionless, but he was also very surprised.
 He had thought that Li Daokong was difficult to deal with, but he actually supported him!
 What happened? Was it the Heavenly Emperor’s arrangement?
 Thirty years passed.
 Han Jue had a sudden thought. He felt that the Heavenly Emperor was testing him by telling him the truth about his fake death.
 Soon, the two of them entered a dream.
 The Heavenly Emperor did not panic when he saw the Dark Forbidden Lord again.
 Han Jue pretended to be mocking and said, “Do you think you can hide it from me by pretending to die?” The Heavenly Emperor asked, “How did you deduce it?”
 “Back then, Zu Tu also faked his death, but I made sure he died,” Han Jue said unfathomably.
 The Heavenly Emperor frowned slightly.
 He didn’t suspect Han Jue’s words. With Zu Tu’s cultivation, it was indeed suspicious that he was cursed to death.
 However, after so long, Zu Tu’s fate had never been determined. It was very likely that he was dead. It was said that Zu Tu’s figure had appeared in the Nine Nether Purgatory, but he believed that it was a trap by the Golden Crow Divine Clan to lure the enemy in.
 It was the truth. After the cultivators of the Divine Palace entered the Nine Nether Purgatory, they never came out again. According to the disciples of the Jie School, they were all being suppressed by the Golden Crow Divine Clan.
 The Heavenly Emperor narrowed his eyes. “You want to target me?”
 “Aren’t you the one targeting me?”
 “Then, what do you want?”
 “I want you to become my pawn!”
 This was a method that Han Jue thought of. If he didn’t give him a motive, the Heavenly Emperor would sooner or later associate the Dark Forbidden Lord with him and keep targeting him.
 The Heavenly Emperor frowned, his eyes burning with anger.
 Han Jue said, “Actually, I want to protect the golden age of the Heavenly Dao that the Dao Ancestor created. It’s better for you to be my pawn than a Sage’s pawn.”
 The Heavenly Emperor’s expression changed drastically.
 Han Jue ended the dream after saying this: “Sometimes, the existence behind you can’t be trusted, especially when facing the Heavenly Dao.”
 After returning to reality, Han Jue was pleased with himself.
 The Dao Ancestor was definitely the Heavenly Emperor’s weakness. For the sake of the Dao Ancestor, the Heavenly Emperor dared to risk his life against Jade Emperor Zhou Yan.
 At this moment, the Heavenly Emperor should have reached some sort of agreement with the Dark Forbidden Lord, right?
 (The Dao Ancestor has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 1 star.]
 A line of words suddenly appeared in front of Han Jue, scaring him.
 He quickly checked his interpersonal relationships.
 The image of the Dao Ancestor was pitch black and was unique among his friends.
 (Dao Ancestor: Cultivation unknown. Chaotic Fiendcelestial, the founder of the Dao, the will of the Heavenly Dao, the ancestor of the Sages, the Eternal Deity, the Transcendent Daoist, the Immeasurable Lord. Possesses countless Dharma avatars. A trace of his will in the Heavenly Dao has heard that you are plotting for him and has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 1 star.)
 Han Jue’s breathing quickened. Amazing! The Dao Ancestor could even deduce what Han Jue did in a dream?
 Could it be that everything was in the eyes of the Dao Ancestor?
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more his blood ran cold.
 This was only a trace of will, but it was already so terrifying. Where was his true body?
 Fortunately, the Dao Ancestor had a favorable impression of him, not hatred. Then again…
 The Dao Ancestor liked to listen to flattery?
 No!
 The Dao Ancestor should be paying attention to the Heavenly Emperor and happened to hear his heartfelt words.
 From the point of view of the Heavenly Dao, everything Han Jue did was indeed protecting the Heavenly Court and the force created by the Dao Ancestor.
 After thinking about this, Han Jue felt no pressure.
 He didn’t harm the Dao Ancestor. What was there to be afraid of?
 He couldn’t let his disciples talk nonsense in the future. The Dao Ancestor was still alive!
 Even if it was only a trace of will, it was still an existence that was unimaginable to all living beings!

