 This Strange Deity had yet to take form and did not have intelligence. Could he take it for himself?
 No!
 If it was that easy, why didn’t the Sages do it?
 Han Jue cautiously used the derivation function and asked in his heart, “If I subdue the Strange Deity, will I be in danger?”
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Not for the time being.)
 These words appeared in front of Han Jue.
 “If I subdue the Strange Deity, will it involve the karma of anyone other than the Strange Deity?”
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Was this worth spending his life?
 Han Jue’s heart started to bleed. However, the more this was the case, the more cautious he had to be. After all, he had a long lifespan.
 (No other karma is involved for the time being.)
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 He began the simulation trial, detected the Strange Deity, and fought with it.
 A second later.
 Han Jue opened his eyes. He had an awkward expression on his face. The Strange Deity had no combat ability at all and was insta-killed by him.
 He could tame it!
 After Han Jue detected the Strange Deity’s location, he directly used his divine sense to suck it into the cave abode.
 It was a ball of black aura. It was tall and floated in front of Han Jue. It was extremely strange. The moment it entered, the temperature in the cave abode plummeted.
 The Resurrection Lilies withered rapidly.
 Shocked, Han Jue hurriedly used the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus to suppress the Strange Deity, preventing all the Resurrection Lilies that had been nurtured for thousands of years from dying
 Immediately after, Han Jue discovered that the Strange Deity was like him, able to absorb negative karma! Amazing!
 Han Jue began to look forward to its talent after transforming.
 However, before that, Han Jue had to use the Six Paths Insignia to control it.
 The current Strange Deity didn’t have intelligence. It didn’t resist Han Jue’s Six Paths Insignia at all.
 “Why didn’t anyone else discover the Strange Deity?” Han Jue thought in surprise.
 [No one has captured the existence of a Strange Deity.)
 So powerful?
 The system was still the best.
 Han Jue thought silently. He suddenly thought of something and called Dao Comprehension Sword in.
 The Strange Deity was between the two of them, with the evil light of the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus shining on it.
 Dao Comprehension Sword replied, “Your lotus throne is glowing?” “What else?”
 “Nothing.”
 Dao Comprehension Sword looked confused, not understanding what he was asking. Han Jue chased her out and let the others in one after another.
 Soon, he learned something. Apart from him, no one could see the Strange Deity or sense its aura!
 To the people of the Hidden Sect, the Strange Deity did not seem to exist. Even Immortal Emperors couldn’t capture its existence.
 That was impressive!
 Han Jue touched his chin and thought, “Is it because of my Stellar Primordial Body or the
 system?”
 [The system is only a support, not a Mystical Power.]
 You’re even more impressive than Mystical Powers!
 Han Jue cursed silently. In other words, it was because his identity as the Primordial Fiendcelestial was higher than the Strange Deity.
 But then again.
 What kind of existence was the system?
 Han Jue asked in his heart, “Is the system stronger than the Dao Ancestor?”
 [The power of the system is based on your growth. The stronger you are, the stronger the system is. The current system can’t resist the power of the Dao Ancestor.)
 Han Jue was even more curious.
 Could the system be formed by some Great
 Dao?
 If the system did not answer, he would not know.
 If he wanted to know the truth about the system, he had to become stronger.
 Han Jue focused on the Strange Deity again.
 Ten years later.
 Han Jue’s Six Paths Insignia was completely imprinted in the depths of the Strange Deity and couldn’t be erased.
 He continued cultivating. As for the Strange Deity, it was wrapped in his Divine Origin Dharmic powers. It was as if it was wearing a layer of clothes and would no longer affect the Resurrection Lily.
 At first, the Strange Deity did not wander.
 As time passed, it began to take action.
 First, it floated slowly and approached Han Jue. Then, it looked at the Nine Heavens Galaxy Water and became more and more like a curious baby. In the blink of an eye, another forty years passed. Han Jue was already close to the Six Mystic Divine Origin. It had been more than two hundred years since his last breakthrough. He had always maintained a good speed. After reaching the Six Mystic Divine Origin, he wouldn’t be far from the Zenith Heaven Realm!
 Han Jue was very excited.
 The Strange Deity seemed to sense his emotions and couldn’t help but approach and rub his back.
 Han Jue was amused. This fellow was massaging him?
 It was quite comfortable!
 Massage?
 Han Jue felt that he could nurture it and let the Strange Deity develop in this direction. He could still serve him while cultivating in the future.
 The more he thought about it, the more he felt that it was feasible.
 At this moment.
 Han Jue felt that someone in the Chaotic Domain was summoning him.
 Other than Dao Sovereign, who else could it be?
 Han Jue shook his head helplessly and sent his consciousness into the Chaotic Domain. After arriving in the Chaotic Domain, Han Jue was shocked to discover that the Strange Deity had followed him.
 Erm…
 It was also equivalent to the Chaotic Physique?
 No!
 This fellow’s physique was higher than the Chaotic Physique, so it could enter the Chaotic Domain.
 Han Jue was curious if Dao Sovereign and Zhao Xuanyuan could see it.
 Dao Sovereign and Zhao Xuanyuan were both here. When they saw Han Jue, they immediately surrounded him.
 “Thank you for your help, fellow Daoist!”
 Zhao Xuanyuan was the first to speak. His tone was very excited.
 Han Jue was alerted.
 How long ago have you been saved? Why are you acting like you just got saved? There was definitely a trap!
 Dao Sovereign coughed and said, “I owe you another favor. With your cautious personality, it seems that I will never be able to repay you.”
 Han Jue smiled and said, “How can that be? Come and be my disciple.” Dao Sovereign fell silent. He could accept being a subordinate of the Heavenly Court, but if he was a subordinate of Han Jue, wouldn’t he be a generation younger? He saw Han Jue as his opponent.
 Seeing that this fellow didn’t reply, Han Jue couldn’t help but develop 2 stars of hatred towards him.
 Useless!
 Zhao Xuanyuan said, “Fellow Daoist, Senior Li Daokong wants to see you. Are you free?” Han Jue said, “Then, invite him in.”
 Zhao Xuanyuan: “…”
 Dao Sovereign couldn’t help but laugh. “How can he be qualified to enter the Chaotic Domain!”
 Although he couldn’t defeat Li Daokong, he had the right to look down on him in terms of talent.
 Han Jue smiled secretly. No wonder you were severely injured by Li Daokong. You really know how to talk.
 “You’re looking for me for this?” Han Jue asked and couldn’t help but ponder. These two really couldn’t see the Strange Deity.
 The Strange Deity had the potential to be an assassin!
 If no one could see it, wouldn’t it be able to do whatever it wanted?
 The Dark Forbidden Lord paired with the Strange Deity was a perfect match, right?
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more excited he became.
 “This is the first time your grand-disciple, Heavenly Emperor Fang, has held a Heavenly Peach Banquet. Aren’t you coming to help?” Dao Sovereign asked.
 Han Jue said, “I’m not going.”
 “Why?”
 “I’ll definitely be beaten up if I go.”
 If nothing happened during this Heavenly Peach Banquet, Han Jue would write his name backwards!
 Dao Sovereign said helplessly, “You’re definitely at the Deity Realm now. What are you afraid of? If the three of us join forces, who below the Zenith Heaven Realm is our match?”
 He wanted to form a team again!
 Han Jue couldn’t help but think of how Zhou Fan and Mo Fuchou were so naive a long time ago.

