 At first, Han Jue was very nervous and thought that this fellow was going to devour him. But he quickly discovered that it was not the case.
 When the Strange Deity touched the Dharmic powers in his body, his Dharmic powers instantly boiled and began to become stronger.
 It was as if there was some kind of resonance. Even the Great Dao of Life and Death in Han Jue’s body began to resonate, increasing the speed at which he fused with his Dharmic powers.
 “This is…”
 Han Jue was pleasantly surprised. He didn’t expect the Strange Deity to be so useful.
 He had always thought that the Strange Deity was an assassin, but he didn’t expect it to be a support. Han Jue remained cautious and continued to observe.
 The Strange Deity was indeed helping him increase his Dharmic powers and even fuse with the Great Dao of Life and Death.
 This was…
 Helping him reach the Zenith Heaven Realm?
 Can Strange Deity be so useful?
 Han Jue asked in his heart, “Will it harm me by doing this?”
 [A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [No]
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 It didn’t even say ‘for the time being’!
 Even so, Han Jue still maintained his rationality and stared at it seriously.
 Time passed.
 Half a year later.
 The Strange Deity had completely fused into Han Jue’s body and become one with him.
 Although they were fused together, Han Jue could feel the Strange Deity’s existence and could expel it out of his body at any time.
 It formed a strange bridge in Han Jue’s body. With its help, his Dharmic powers and the Great Dao of Life and Death were rapidly fusing.
 At this rate, he would reach the Zenith Heaven Realm quickly!
 Han Jue was very excited after thinking about it. He had a 5-star favorability towards the Strange Deity.
 It seemed that his decision to subdue it was correct!
 Just like that, Han Jue focused on becoming a Zenith Heaven cultivator and ignored what was happening outside.
 In an ancient stone hall in the Immortal World, Li Daokong, Li Xuan’ao, and Huang Jihao slowly walked forward. Stone statues were standing on both sides. They were the past human emperors, and all of them had extraordinary divine might.
 Huang Jihao walked at the back and curiously sized up his surroundings.
 Li Xuan’ao asked in a low voice, “They don’t seem to respect us.”
 Li Daokong’s expression did not change as he said, “It’s fine. Let them see. We can test our strength.”
 The three of them advanced and arrived in front of a huge stone tablet.
 This stone tablet was ten thousand feet tall. There were all sorts of red patterns engraved on it, as if it recorded the history of the development of the Human Race. With just a glance, one could feel that it was magnificent, like an epic.
 Li Daokong stopped. Li Xuan’ao and Huang Jihao also stopped.
 The stone tablet shone and figures walked out.
 The leader was a white-haired old man with long eyebrows that covered his eyes. He chuckled and said, “Greetings, two Immortal Masters of the Human School.”
 Li Xuan’ao snorted. “Instead of welcoming us personally, you’re still spying on us. Do you think we can’t sense it? Or are you afraid of us?”
 “Of course I’m afraid. The two of you shocked the myriad worlds. How can we mortals not be afraid?”
 “Hmph!”
 Li Xuan’ao’s expression softened.
 Li Daokong said, “Against Jade Emperor Zhou Yan, the humans can join forces with the Human School.”
 The white-haired elder asked, “What about the Chan and Jie Schools?”
 Clearly, he did not believe in their strength.
 That was Jade Emperor Zhou Yan, a mighty figure who had recently suppressed the Immortal World!
 Li Daokong stomped his right foot and a sword appeared behind him. It emitted a dazzling purple light, and a terrifying sword aura spread out. The stone statues of all the Emperors in the hall began to shake violently, including the ten-thousand-foot stone tablet in front.
 All the mighty figures were moved.
 “What a terrifying sword Qi!” “No wonder he could become the eldest disciple of the Human School!”
 “It seems that the rumors are true. Jade Emperor Zhou Yan can’t do anything to him.”
 “Where did that sword come from? My Dharmic powers can’t help but be attracted by it!”
 “This aura… Has he really just stepped into the Zenith Heaven Realm?” The human mighty figures communicated with their divine sense. Most of them were afraid.
 The white-haired elder smiled. “The humans are willing to join forces with the Human School.”
 Li Xuan’ao snorted disdainfully.
 They changed their tone so quickly!
 Huang Jihao looked at Li Daokong in admiration.
 Uncle-Master was much more capable than his master!
 The longer he spent with Li Daokong, the more he admired him.
 His master, Li Xuan’ao, was not good. He bullied the weak and spoke too much. If not for Li Daokong, Li Xuan’ao would have died thousands of times.
 “Jade Emperor Zhou Yan wants to slaughter all living beings. The humans can spread the news,” Li Daokong continued.
 The white-haired elder asked in surprise, “Is this true?”
 Li Daokong said calmly, “So what if it’s true?”
 The white-haired elder was silent.
 Ten years later.
 Han Jue’s Dharmic powers and the Great Dao of Life and Death had completely fused. In his body, brand new Dharmic powers began to condense into a Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit.
 As long as he succeeded, he would step into the Zenith Heaven Realm!
 However, condensing the Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit required time. The Dharmic powers of a Zenith Heaven were extremely vast, so it was naturally not possible to succeed in a short period of time.
 Fortunately, Han Jue did not need to control it personally. The Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit would automatically condense.
 Han Jue got up and walked out of the cave abode.
 “Prepare for the Dao preaching!”
 Han Jue’s voice resounded throughout the island, causing everyone to be excited, including the ten thousand Nether Race beings.
 The Nether Race couldn’t reproduce. Their population had never changed. Their potential was not bad. The weakest had already reached the Grand Unity Heaven Immortal Realm.
 Han Jue sat down under the Fusang Tree.
 Dao Comprehension Sword came to his side and asked curiously, “Master, your eyes…”
 The others also looked at Han Jue in surprise.
 When he heard that, he couldn’t help but carefully check. He discovered that his pupils had turned purple. It was not temporary, but permanent, making him look even more mysterious.
 Not only his pupils, but thin black patterns also appeared between his eyebrows. They fluttered like tentacles.
 Han Jue said, “It’s only a realm. You don’t understand.”
 Dao Comprehension Sword did not say much.
 Han Jue noticed that Li Yao and Tu Ling’er looked at him strangely as if they wanted to eat him.
 Fairy Xi Xuan and Chang Yue’er also walked out of their cave abode. When they saw Han Jue, they couldn’t help but be stunned.
 Han Jue began to preach the Dao. The moment his voice sounded, everyone’s souls shook and they entered Dao Comprehension state one after another.
 Zenith Heaven’s Voice!
 Although Han Jue had yet to completely enter the Zenith Heaven Realm, his voice already had the Dao Insight of the Zenith Heaven Realm. Even the Nether Race members were entranced.
 Time passed quickly.
 In the blink of an eye.
 Eight years passed.
 Han Jue had yet to condense his Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit, so he planned to continue preaching and sort out his Dao during the process.
 At this moment.
 Three lines of words suddenly appeared in front of him.
 [Detected that a Sage has entered the world. You have the following choices:]
 (1: Immediately enter the calamity and challenge the Sage. You will win great providence and obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a Mystical Power inheritance.]
 [2: Avoid the calamity for the time being and cultivate in peace. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment.)
 A Sage had entered the world?
 Han Jue immediately chose the second option and obtained a Great Dao Fragment.
 He thought, “I want to know, which Sage has entered the world?”
 (5 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!

