 (Fuxitian: Cultivation unknown. Heavenly Dao Sage, Ancestor of the Human Race, Immeasurable Emperor, Ancestor of the Eight Trigrams. Because he was summoned by the Human Race, he used his Dharma Idol to enter the world and avoid the heavenly secrets. He wants to help the Human Race obtain great providence.)
 Fuxitian…
 The legendary Emperor Fuxi in the mythology?
 Since he was helping the Human Race, Han Jue was relieved.
 At least Xing Hongxuan would be fine. Perhaps Fuxitian would even deal with Jade Emperor Zhou Yan. Han Jue was looking forward to it!
 After understanding it, he continued to preach.
 Time flew.
 Another ten years passed. After Han Jue finished his lecture, he didn’t leave immediately. Instead, he stayed under the Fusang Tree and faced the east. The other disciples were still in a state of Dao comprehension and could not extricate themselves for the time being.
 Most of the Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit in Han Jue’s body had already condensed. The Strange Deity flew out from his body and looked at the Fusang Tree. It flew around the tree trunk quite cheerfully.
 No one could sense the Strange Deity’s existence, including the Fusang Tree.
 After the Strange Deity left his body, the black pattern between Han Jue’s eyebrows disappeared, but his pupils were still purple.
 Han Jue didn’t stop the Strange Deity. After this fusion, the Strange Deity already had his Dharmic powers. They could use the Dharmic powers together. Han Jue used his Dharmic powers to isolate it from the strange power and prevent the Fusang Tree from being destroyed.
 Han Jue’s gaze landed on the Strange Deity.
 He could feel that he had already completely gained control of the Strange Deity. From now on, he could erase its intelligence at any time and absorb it, turning it into his own power.
 However, the Strange Deity had helped him greatly. He naturally wouldn’t be so heartless.
 “I wonder how strong this kid will be in the future.”
 Han Jue thought expectantly. The Strange Deity’s current strength was difficult to figure out. If he said that it was strong, it was actually just so.
 If he said that it was not strong, then it was not strong. Other than the Primordial Physique, no one could spy on it.
 No matter what, the Strange Deity’s potential was definitely terrifying. After all, it had inherited the Chaotic Fiendcelestials’ providence!
 Since he had nothing to do, Han Jue checked the emails.
 Recently, he had been condensing the Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit. Han Jue didn’t dare to use his Dharmic powers to curse Jade Emperor Zhou Yan. He didn’t know how the situation in the Immortal World was.
 (Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by your enemy Jade Emperor Zhou Yan.)
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure.] (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by demons] x189900
 (Your disciple Su Qi has absorbed the dark power and his cultivation has increased greatly.)
 (Your good friend Di Lantian was attacked by your enemy Jade Emperor Zhou Yan. He sacrificed his soul to sound the Emperor Ancestral Bell.]
 [Your good friend Dao Ancestor’s providence has decreased.]
 (Your good friend Tai Sutian has received guidance from a Sage. Her cultivation has increased greatly.]
 In short, the Immortal World was relatively calm and the battles were not intense.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan seemed to have stopped recently.
 Han Jue checked his interpersonal relationships. The friends he cared about were still there.
 “When I reach the Zenith Heaven Realm, I’ll offer Jade Emperor Zhou Yan 100 billion years of my lifespan. Let’s see if you can withstand it!” Han Jue thought silently.
 He suddenly thought of the Heavenly Emperor. He could visit him in his dreams and ask about his situation. Using the Dark Nightmare did not consume Dharmic powers. He only needed to use his divine sense.
 Soon, Han Jue created a dream. When he saw the Heavenly Emperor again, he looked much thinner and his eyes were dark.
 The Heavenly Emperor was not moved when he saw Han Jue, who had transformed into the Dark Forbidden Lord. He slowly sat down and asked, “What’s the matter?”
 He began to adjust his dragon robe, and the Heavenly Emperor’s temperament quickly recovered.
 Han Jue asked, “Other than Jade Emperor Zhou Yan, do you have no other backing?”
 He remembered that the Heavenly Emperor had been to Kunlun.
 Previously, in front of the Great Ultimate Hall, the Heavenly Emperor had also been chatting and laughing with many mighty figures.
 The Heavenly Emperor smiled. “You want me to deal with Jade Emperor Zhou Yan?” Han Jue didn’t answer but asked with a smile, “Jade Emperor, aren’t you going to show yourself?”
 With that said, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan appeared.
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 Bastard!
 He was indeed here! Jade Emperor Zhou Yan asked, “Have you thought it through?” In the past few decades, the Dark Forbidden Lord had not cursed him. He had thought that he had chickened out.
 Han Jue asked, “Do you know that a Sage has descended into the mortal world?”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was silent.
 The Heavenly Emperor was moved.
 The reason why Han Jue said this was to intimidate Jade Emperor Zhou Yan and prevent him from slaughtering all living beings in advance.
 Although Jade Emperor Zhou Yan had the intention to slaughter the world, all the races in the Immortal World had powerful backgrounds. He didn’t dare to act rashly.
 He was still weak in front of a Sage.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan asked, “Which faction?”
 Han Jue teased, “You have to identify them yourself. You still don’t have enough pawns, I
 see.”
 (Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s hatred towards you has increased. Current Hatred Points: 6 stars]
 Great!
 This was irresolvable except for death!
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan hated the Dark Forbidden Lord. Han Jue had given him a hint because they had seen each other in the dream.
 As long as Jade Emperor Zhou Yan did not know that the Dark Forbidden Lord was him, he would be fearless.
 This was a little…
 Han Jue inexplicably thought of his high spirits when he surfed the Internet in his previous life.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan asked, “Can we really only be enemies?”.
 Han Jue said, “If you don’t threaten me, I won’t threaten you either.”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan smiled.
 Han Jue also smiled and didn’t say anything.
 The atmosphere fell silent again.
 After a long while…
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan said, “The power of your curse is too weak. Could it be that you’re not even a Zenith Heaven cultivator and only rely on the Supreme Treasure to curse your enemy?”
 Han Jue said, “I’m waiting for an opportunity.” Jade Emperor Zhou Yan fell silent again.
 This fellow was definitely waiting for him to enter an intense fight!
 Han Jue suddenly ended the dream, and his consciousness returned to reality.
 After confirming that the Heavenly Emperor was fine, he also messed with Jade Emperor Zhou Yan. It was about time.
 Next, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan shouldn’t dare to cause trouble anymore. Han Jue could reach the Zenith Heaven Realm in peace.
 Sometime later, the disciples of the Hidden Sect woke up one after another.
 Han Jue returned to his cave abode.
 Year after year passed.
 Twenty years later. Han Jue’s Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit completely condensed. All his Dharmic powers were sucked into it.
 Boom!
 The entire Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain began to shake violently.
 A vast pressure swept through the Dao Field, shocking everyone on the island.
 Chu Shiren widened his eyes and muttered, “Zenith Heaven!”
 Too fast!
 How long had it been?
 Han Jue had been hiding on the island and could still break through at lightning speed! Although his voice was soft, everyone heard him clearly.
 Xun Chang’an, the Black Hell Chicken, and the others who were with Han Jue the earliest couldn’t help but show admiration and yearning
 How old was Han Jue?
 “What? He’s already at the Zenith Heaven Realm?” Jiang Yi exclaimed in disbelief.
 The first time they met, Han Jue wasn’t even at the Immortal Emperor Realm.
 Now, he was still in the Emperor Realm, but Han Jue had already surpassed the Deity Realm and reached the Zenith Heaven Realm?
 What a joke!
 Could this fellow really be the Dao Ancestor?
 That stinky chicken wasn’t joking?
 At the same time.
 In the cave abode, Han Jue was drowned by a purple pillar of light. His soul began to transform.
 Zenith Heaven Realm!
 He transcended the heavens!
 Han Jue was extremely happy as he felt the strange changes in his body and soul.
 The Zenith Heaven Realm was finally reached!

