 At the Zenith Heaven Realm, with one thought, he could manipulate the heavens, space and time, and even fate. After reaching this realm, one could exist forever below the Heavenly Dao.
 Of course, if they were attacked by a stronger force, Zenith Heaven experts would still die.
 Only Zenith Heaven or existences that surpassed Zenith Heaven could defeat Zenith Heaven. The rules of the Heavenly Dao could not directly kill Zenith Heaven.
 This was the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 Several days later, Han Jue’s full Dharmic powers fused into the Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit. A strange power of the Great Dao enveloped his body. He succeeded! Zenith Heaven Realm!
 Feeling his body transform, Han Jue almost wanted to roar!
 How satisfying!
 The last time it felt so good was when he was at the Mortal Transcendence Realm.
 In terms of power alone, Han Jue felt a thousand times stronger than before. His divine sense was the same, but he still couldn’t spy on the Dark Forbidden Zone.
 Han Jue checked his attributes panel as he consolidated his cultivation.
 [Name: Han Jue]
 [Race: Primordial Fiendcelestial]
 (Cultivation: Early-stage Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm]
 [Technique: Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao, Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering]
 (Great Dao: Great Dao of Life and Death, Great Dao of Karma)
 The Zenith Heaven Realm was also called the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm. There was only one major realm, and it was divided into the early, middle, late, and perfect stages. Han Jue felt extremely comfortable when he saw the words Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal.
 His lifespan increased by two digits!
 Ten quintillions!
 Almost eternal!
 Han Jue wondered if the Heavenly Dao could exist for so many years.
 [Detected that you have reached the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm. The system has begun to upgrade.]
 Han Jue was pleasantly surprised when he saw this line of words.
 Although he hadn’t obtained the Great Dao Fragment and the Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone, the system’s upgrade meant that the Dao Field had been upgraded. It would make him safer.
 After becoming a Zenith Heaven cultivator, Han Jue could also protect himself. He was no longer a weakling who could be controlled by anyone.
 Han Jue consolidated his cultivation after spending seven years. He imprisoned the Strange Deity in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 The first thing he did was curse Jade Emperor Zhou Yan with the Book of Misfortune! “Didn’t you mock me that my curse was not strong enough? You even said that I didn’t reach the Zenith Heaven Realm. Now that I’ve reached the Zenith Heaven Realm, are you prepared to withstand the anger of a hundred billion years?”
 Han Jue smiled frivolously.
 He had the right to be proud as a six-thousand-year-old Zenith Heaven cultivator!
 Zenith Heaven Dharmic powers poured into the Book of Misfortune. It emitted a black light that shone on Han Jue’s face.
 The black light flickered in the Connate Cave Abode, looking ghastly and terrifying.
 Five days later. Han Jue’s lifespan started to reduce. He opened his attributes panel and stared at his lifespan carefully.
 It was descending so quickly!
 In less than five minutes, he had lost ten billion years of his lifespan! However, having reached the Zenith Heaven Realm, he did not feel any discomfort. He continued cursing!
 In a palace, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan sat at the head of the table. All the forces were gathered here. Fang Liang, Long Hao, Xue Minghe, Di Lantian, King of Hell, Divine Might Buddha, and so on were the leaders of the various forces.
 They were discussing the region of the Immortal World, but the humans did not come.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan did not interrupt. His expression was rather ugly.
 Xue Minghe noticed the change in his expression and couldn’t help but ask, “Your Majesty, what’s wrong?”
 Everyone looked at Jade Emperor Zhou Yan.
 This was the first time they had seen him reveal such an expression.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan replied, “I’m fine. Continue.”
 He was circulating his energy to resist the strange curse.
 He knew that the Dark Forbidden Lord was beginning to make a move.
 This curse was far stronger than before!
 However, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan did not dare to disband the meeting immediately. Otherwise, he would expose a flaw.
 “Are you being cursed by the Dark Forbidden Lord?” Xue Minghe asked, pretending to be terrified.
 He was extremely excited. The Dark Forbidden Lord finally attacked!
 The others revealed strange expressions.
 If this was true, it would be a good thing for them. However, they did not dare to show it.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan snorted coldly. “The Dark Forbidden Lord is only a worm hiding in the dark. His curse can’t hurt me at all!”
 These words were equivalent to a disguised admission.
 Xue Minghe almost cheered, but he restrained himself.
 He wasn’t the only one. Jing Tiangong, who represented the Jie School, was also excited. In the current Immortal World, who could resist Jade Emperor Zhou Yan below the Sages?
 Other than the Dark Forbidden Lord, who else was there?
 Boom
 A terrifying pressure attacked from outside the hall. The door turned to dust and a figure stepped over with a sword. Sword shadows appeared under his feet and his white robe fluttered. He was handsome. Who else could it be but Li Daokong? “Jade Emperor Zhou Yan, our battle is not over!”
 Li Daokong’s eyes were cold and his tone was filled with killing intent.
 The masters of the various factions in the hall were moved.
 What a powerful aura!
 They had heard that Li Daokong was fighting with Jade Emperor Zhou Yan. They didn’t expect to see him today.
 “Amitabha. The Human School has really taken in a good disciple with unparalleled talent.” Divine Might Buddha sighed.
 Everyone was stunned by Li Daokong’s aura.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan sneered. “Li Daokong, you’re not my match at all. If not for the Sage protecting you, you would have died long ago.” Li Daokong continued forward as he stared at him.
 A huge battle was about to break out!
 Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 Han Jue cursed as he stared at the attributes panel.
 He had already lost 50 billion years of his lifespan!
 He still did not feel any discomfort, so he continued cursing!
 Sixty billion years!
 Seventy billion years!
 Eighty billion years!
 Han Jue’s breathing quickened. It wasn’t the backlash of the curse, but his heart ached.
 This was the first time he had consumed so much lifespan. Most importantly, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan had yet to be cursed.
 Continue!
 I don’t believe it!
 Han Jue gritted his teeth and persisted.
 Ninety billion years!
 Hundred billion years!
 Boom
 The Book of Misfortune rumbled like an ancient ferocious beast was roaring.
 Wisps of black aura visible to the naked eye overflowed and wrapped around him.
 Han Jue was surprised. What was this?
 This black aura was somewhat familiar…
 Wait!
 Isn’t this Strange Deity’s black aura?
 Could it be that the Strange Deity was related to the curse?
 His lifespan decreased rapidly.
 Hundred and ten billion years!
 (Because of your curse, your enemy Jade Emperor Zhou Yan lost control of his Dharmic powers. Misfortune surrounded him and he developed mental demons.]
 He was finally cursed successfully!
 Han Jue hurriedly stopped.
 The black aura around him was absorbed by the Book of Misfortune and the black light vanished.
 Han Jue hurriedly checked his state to see if the black aura had any effect on him. Fortunately, it did not affect him at all.
 Perhaps it was because he had stopped in time, or perhaps it was related to the fusion of the Strange Deity.
 “If Jade Emperor Zhou Yan has developed a mental demon, he isn’t far from death. It’s time for the outcome of the calamity to change, right?”
 Han Jue hesitated.
 Should he calculate the outcome of the calamity?
 Don’t be a bad outcome again!
 Apart from him being able to change the calamity, Sages could also do the same.
 Forget it. I should at least avoid some kind of risk.
 “I want to know who is the greatest winner of this calamity!” Han Jue thought silently.
 (3 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]

