 Han Jue wanted to see what changes would happen in the future.
 After Jade Emperor Zhou Yan collapsed, would a new overlord appear?
 Han Jue entered the illusion.
 For some reason, Han Jue felt that this forest looked familiar.
 Could it be the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain?
 Wait!
 The final winner was him?
 Han Jue was about to walk forward when he saw two people walking out of the Daoist temple.
 One of them was Han Jue, and the other was Li Daokong. Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief. It was really him.
 That’s good!
 The future Han Jue stopped and said, “I’ll send you here.”
 Li Daokong turned around and smiled. “Your Master is leaving. Aren’t you going to send me off? You’re the next Eldest Disciple of the Human School. You have to be polite.”
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 What the heck?
 Would he become the eldest disciple of the Human School in the future?
 The future Han Jue said helplessly, “Yes, Master.”
 Eh?
 The greatest winner was not Han Jue, but Li Daokong?
 Han Jue was dumbfounded. Something was wrong with this script.
 Li Daokong raised his eyebrows and said, “What? Are you unwilling? I didn’t force you to join the Human School. Who asked you to offend a Sage?”
 The future Han Jue asked, “Has that Sage really stopped?”
 “As long as the Sage of the Human School is still around, he won’t dare to act recklessly.”
 “Fine.”
 The scene shattered.
 Han Jue returned to reality and frowned.
 After the calamity ended, he had no choice but to seek refuge with the Human School because he had offended a Sage?
 This was not good!
 Han Jue didn’t want to join any Sage Sect. That would result in great karma, and he would lose his freedom.
 Most importantly, a Sage secretly was watching him. How could he be at ease?
 No!
 He had to be more cautious!
 Could it be because he had obtained the Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit that he had become arrogant and offended a Sage?
 Han Jue wanted to prevent this from happening “I want to know who the Sage I offended is.”
 Han Jue asked in his heart.
 (Unable to derive the Sage’s future karma of a situation that has yet to happen. This will alarm the Sage.]
 Han Jue frowned again. Were Sages so impressive?
 Forget it.
 Han Jue stopped thinking. He would wait for the system to upgrade first.
 He put away the Book of Misfortune and released the Strange Deity.
 Next, he began to improve his various Mystical Powers. All of them reached their limits after a year.
 Han Jue didn’t enter the simulation trial directly. Instead, he cultivated the Grand Unity Aspect.
 After reaching the Zenith Heaven Realm, he should be able to cultivate a new Dharma idol.
 Even if it was only one, it could increase his combat strength greatly.
 The Grand Unity Aspect was extremely profound. Fortunately, Han Jue could already completely understand the cultivation method of the first Dharma idol.
 A full ten years passed.
 Han Jue finally mastered the first Chaotic Fiendcelestial Dharma idol.
 The Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial Dharmic powers had immense strength. His fist could break through the Great Dao!
 Of course, this was his limit. Han Jue was only at the Zenith Heaven Realm, so his Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial Dharma idol was naturally not that terrifying.
 After succeeding, Han Jue immediately entered the simulation trial and challenged Li Daokong.
 After entering the battle, Han Jue directly used the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial Dharma idol.
 A dark and mighty figure condensed above his head and punched out.
 Li Daokong was obliterated!
 Instant kill!
 Awesome!
 Han Jue felt the domineering pleasure of destroying all techniques with one move!
 He began the simulation trial.
 No Deity Realm existence could withstand the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial’s punch.
 Unless he had the protection of a Supreme Treasure, it was similarly difficult for anyone below the late-stage Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm to withstand his punch.
 The Heavenly Emperor was at the mid-stage Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm. He had a Dharma treasure, but he was still killed after ten punches.
 At the early-stage Golden Immortal Realm, Xue Minghe had been insta-killed!
 After fighting for a few days.
 Han Jue had been familiarizing himself with the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial’s fighting style. In short, he was very surprised.
 The Grand Unity Aspect was too powerful. Just the first one was already so domineering. If three thousand appeared at once, how terrifying would that be?
 Could he destroy the entire Great Dao alone?
 Han Jue felt very excited just thinking about it.
 Next, he began to comprehend the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 After reaching this realm, Han Jue could clearly sense various invisible rules, such as space and time.
 Now, he could easily enter space-time and travel through the past and future. However, his intuition told him that doing so would result in great karma. Thus, he couldn’t rashly proceed.
 Not only could he transmigrate through time, but Han Jue could also see the River of Destiny, hanging high above all living beings. It didn’t exist in the myriad worlds but on another level. The Eye of Zenith Heaven could see it at a glance.
 This space was extremely mysterious and could not be deduced with common sense. Those below the Zenith Heaven Realm could not directly spy on it.
 Han Jue was very curious about how those non-Zenith Heavens entered the River of Destiny.
 The River of Destiny did not look that weak.
 When Han Jue was still comprehending the Zenith Heaven Realm, the Immortal World stirred again.
 The Human Race had risen!
 Heavenly Court, Numinous Palace.
 Fang Liang sat on the Emperor’s throne. There were fewer immortals in the hall than in the past. He looked rather carefree.
 At the front were the Heavenly God General, the Martial God General, Ji Xianshen, Li Daokong, and the others.
 A white-haired old immortal bowed and said, “Your Majesty, the Human Race has risen. Jade Emperor Zhou Yan is in seclusion. This will be a good opportunity for the Heavenly Court to rest. Don’t enter the calamity again.”
 The other immortals nodded.
 After experiencing the Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s calamity, the Heavenly Court had suffered heavy losses. They were all afraid.
 Fang Liang said calmly, “I know what to do, but I can’t rest completely. Opportunities are always fleeting in the Immeasurable Calamity.
 “I’ve decided to recruit Immortal Gods from overseas. What do you think, my dear subjects?”
 Overseas!
 The immortals were in an uproar.
 The Heavenly God General praised, “Previously, the outer seas were dominated by the Jie School and the True Dragon Race. Now, the Jie School is hiding in the Nine Nether Purgatory. After the True Dragon Race joined the Dragon Court, they raised their race and fought. There are indeed no forces overseas who can make decisions. Since ancient times, there have been many hidden cultivators overseas.’
 The moment he spoke, the Heavenly Generals expressed their support.
 The Literature Immortals looked at each other, but no one jumped out to refute.
 In the calamity, the Heavenly Generals had greater authority.
 Fang Liang looked at Li Daokong and asked, “What do you think, Fellow Daoist Li?”
 Li Daokong smiled and said, “The Human School supports the Heavenly Court. If Your Majesty feels that it’s not convenient, I can personally go overseas and use my sword to recruit immortals.”
 He spoke very casually, but the group of gods could sense his dominance.
 No one doubted it, because Li Daokong was a powerful existence who had defeated Jade Emperor Zhou Yan!
 That’s right!
 The reason why Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was in seclusion was that he had been repelled by Li Daokong
 Although Xue Minghe said that it was due to the Dark Forbidden Lord, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was indeed defeated by Li Daokong. After this battle, Li Daokong’s name shook the Immortal World and he became the number one sword immortal in the Immortal World. He was in the limelight.
 Fang Liang ordered, “Then, I won’t trouble Fellow Daoist Li. Martial God General, Ji Xianshen, the two of you will bring five thousand Heavenly Soldiers. You can choose a Literature Immortal to help.”

