 120 billion years!
 Han Jue’s Dao heart began to waver. His lifespan consumption broke the record again.
 Was there really a need?
 Yes!
 He had to kill Jade Emperor Zhou Yan!
 This was the only thing. He wouldn’t do this again!
 Han Jue gritted his teeth and persisted.
 After consuming nearly 150 billion years of his lifespan, he finally saw an email.
 (Because of your curse, your enemy Jade Emperor Zhou Yan had his Dao heart cracked. His Dharmic powers went into chaos and misfortune attacked him with endless negative karma.]
 Han Jue immediately stopped. After cursing for so long, Han Jue didn’t feel any discomfort, but his breathing was a little chaotic.
 As expected of the Zenith Heaven Realm, he was firm like a tree.
 Han Jue looked forward to how many years of his lifespan he could spend at most, but he didn’t dare to think too much. He was afraid that he would become addicted.
 No matter how long his lifespan was, he couldn’t withstand the consumption of hundreds of billions of years.
 Han Jue was vigilant against himself. He couldn’t become addicted.
 Even as a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, he could not rashly provoke a powerful enemy.
 Han Jue put down the Book of Misfortune and released the Strange Deity. He started cultivating After so many years, he finally began to cultivate. He actually felt that it had been a long time.
 He checked his emails as he cultivated.
 (Your disciple Long Hao and the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal have begun to fuse.)
 (Your good friend Huang Jihao was attacked by human cultivators] x1092
 [Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by your enemy Jade Emperor Zhou Yan.)
 (Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure and was severely injured.)
 [Your grand-disciple Fang Liang dreamed of the Dao Ancestor when he was cultivating. His cultivation has increased greatly.]
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan has devoured the True Sun Flame and obtained the Emperor Ancestral Bell’s recognition.] [Your good friend Huang Zuntian listened to the Sage preach and his cultivation increased greatly.]
 Long Hao and Hao Tian had fused?
 He wondered what kind of trouble these two would cause.
 Ever since Long Hao began to oppose the Heavenly Emperor, Han Jue no longer had a favorable impression of him and no longer cared about his life.
 People changed.
 Han Jue noticed that Li Daokong was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure. He was already a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal. The mysterious mighty figure was definitely stronger than a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal. At the very least, he was a Pseudo-Sage.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan still has a Pseudo-Sage around him?
 Han Jue discovered that he had still underestimated Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s connections.
 As for Zhou Fan, he had inherited Di Lantian’s legacy and wanted to control the Golden Crow Divine Clan?
 As expected of the reincarnation of a Sage, the protagonist of the heavens!
 In short, the atmosphere of the war had weakened greatly. At least, that was the case in his circle of friends. The past ten years had been relatively peaceful.
 Han Jue focused on cultivating after reading the emails.
 Even if he became a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, Han Jue could still rely on absorbing negative karma to become stronger. The negative karma contained in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus was extremely huge. The accumulation of countless calamities could be said to be endless.
 Time passed quickly.
 Han Jue was cultivating diligently. The Immortal World had been changing because of the calamity, causing all kinds of geniuses to appear.
 Among them, the momentum of the humans became stronger and stronger. More and more hidden experts appeared. Only then did everyone realize that as the protagonist of the Heavenly Dao, the humans were no longer mortals who needed the protection of the various Sage sects and immortals.
 Mortals were already comparable to immortals, even surpassing them.
 Year after year passed.
 About seventeen years passed.
 Hidden Sect Island shook again. This time, everyone was calm. Han Jue sensed that it was the dark power that surged over. Fortunately, the Dao Field had already increased and there was no need to worry.
 Ten minutes later, Han Jue suddenly felt a familiar aura pass.
 Eh?
 Su Qi?
 What a coincidence!
 Han Jue knew that Su Qi was in the Dark Forbidden Zone, but it was so big, and he could actually bump into him. Could it be a conspiracy of a mysterious existence?
 “I want to know who planned for us to meet Su Qi here?”
 Han Jue asked in his heart. He would offend a Sage in the future. He could only be cautious. He could only be plotted against by others, so he had to be careful.
 (3 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 So many?
 It was indeed a trap!
 Continue!
 A burly figure appeared in Han Jue’s mind, and a line of words appeared in front of him.
 (Jin’an: Cultivation unknown. Heavenly Dao Sage, Immeasurable Emperor, one of the Golden Immortals of the Jie School. Because he deduced that Su Qi has karma with you, he especially led Su Qi to wander around the Dark Forbidden Zone, wanting to bump into you.]
 Eh?
 Heavenly Dao Sage?
 Han Jue was stunned. He thought that there was only one Sage in the Jie School, who was the Sect Master of the Heavenly Court. After all, he had watched the Investiture of the Gods in his past life.
 Furthermore, the Jie School of the Immortal World was really pathetic. They had all lost.
 “Disciple, bear with it for now.”
 Han Jue thought silently and continued cultivating, waiting for Su Qi to pass.
 Sage Jin’an couldn’t spy on the Dao Field.
 As for Su Qi, he was the one who insisted on leaving back then. Now, all of this was karma that he should endure.
 After a while, Su Qi’s aura disappeared. Han Jue couldn’t spy on the Dark Forbidden Zone, but Su Qi didn’t belong there. In the Dark Forbidden Zone, he was like a lamp in the night, very eye-catching.
 However, Su Qi had also lost all his senses. He couldn’t spy on his surroundings. Han Jue didn’t know how this kid had been all these years.
 After Su Qi left, Hidden Sect Island returned to normal.
 Han Jue entered his cultivation state again.
 Three years later.
 The Hidden Sect’s hundred-year competition began again. Li Yao was still the strongest among the disciples, but compared to the other Immortal Emperors, she was still not their match.
 Jiang Yi was not bad. He had actually defeated the Black Hell Demon Lord. This excited him.
 Jiang Yi was in high spirits and finally straightened his back. This fellow overestimated himself and still wanted to challenge Han Jue.
 Han Jue didn’t refuse and killed him with a punch.
 Although it was a simulation trial, Jiang Yi still felt depressed.
 The others were curious about what he had experienced.
 “Haha, could he have been beaten up by Master?” The Black Hell Chicken laughed loudly.
 The others couldn’t help but laugh. Han Jue was not a Magus. How could he be so violent?
 Jiang Yi roared, “Shut up!”
 Seeing that he was so angry, everyone was stunned.
 Could it be that the stinky chicken was right?
 Above the sea of clouds, under the old tree.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan stood facing Great Nine Heavens who emitted a divine light.
 “Have you thought about it?” Great Nine Heavens asked.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s expression was ugly as he said in a low voice, “I haven’t lost yet. I was repelled by Li Daokong because the Dark Forbidden Lord suddenly cursed me. Otherwise, Li Daokong would definitely not be my match!”
 Great Nine Heavens shook his head and said, “Defeat is defeat. You, a Pseudo-Sage, can’t kill a Zenith Heaven. It’s ridiculous.”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was silent with a livid expression.
 Great Nine Heavens sighed. “This is the Sage’s intention, but I have a plan.”
 “What plan?”
 “Kill Li Xuan’ao of the Human School and replace his role in the Human Race.”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan almost cursed.
 This was definitely going to cause a fallout with the Human School. He was not the Sage’s match!
 Great Nine Heavens said meaningfully, “You know best what will happen to you if you lose this opportunity. I’m doing this for your own good.
 “The current Heavenly Dao Immeasurable Calamity is only a piece of cake. The true calamity is still ahead. At that time, everyone below the Sages will be as insignificant as ants!”

