 He finally understood why Fang Liang revived him. This was the true reason.
 However, when he thought of Jade Emperor Zhou Yan, the Divine General burned with anger. He had to take revenge! “Alright, I’m willing!” the Divine General replied in a low voice. Fang Liang revealed a pale smile and said, “Don’t worry, I won’t harm you. Zenith Heaven is a realm that most living beings can never reach in their lives. However, this process is a little long and needs a thousand years.” The Divine General nodded. He knew that it was true. Although he was the Heavenly General with the greatest contributions in the Heavenly Court, he knew that he was too far away from the Zenith Heaven Realm. He didn’t even have the confidence to become a Zenith Heaven cultivator by his own strength.
 After all, how many Zenith Heavens did the Heavenly Court have?
 Twenty years later. In the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue stopped cultivating and took out the Book of Misfortune to curse Jade Emperor Zhou Yan.
 As long as Jade Emperor Zhou Yan did not die, he would not be at ease.
 Until today, Han Jue only cursed Jade Emperor Zhou Yan.
 With fewer and fewer enemies, he cherished them even more.
 Of course, it was best if there were no enemies. Five days later, Han Jue was about to continue cultivating when the Strange Deity came in front of him and kept wandering as if it wanted to bring him to a place. Han Jue hesitated. He could read the Strange Deity’s emotions. This fellow wanted to bring him away from Hidden Sect Island.
 What a joke!
 It was so dangerous outside. How could he go out?
 Han Jue pressed down the Strange Deity and gestured for it not to go out.
 The Strange Deity stubbornly continued urging him to go out. Han Jue found it annoying and imprisoned it in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 Thinking for a moment, Han Jue used the simulation trial to detect the powerful enemies around the Dao Field.
 There had to be something that could make the Strange Deity so agitated.
 It better not be a living thing!
 [Great Nine Heavens: Cultivation unknown, disciple of a Sage, Supremacy of the Chan School]
 Eh?
 Unknown cultivation level?
 A Pseudo-Sage!
 The Chan School was indeed impressive.
 Han Jue had always felt that the Chan School was unfathomable. Previously, they had even invited all the geniuses in the Immortal World to gather. They had deep foundations, and even the Heavenly Emperor often personally visited them.
 Han Jue waited patiently.
 After failing to detect Great Nine Heavens, Han Jue began the simulation trial.
 An hour later.
 Han Jue opened his eyes and frowned.
 This fellow was quite something.
 Han Jue tried his best but could only barely reach a draw.
 Not only was this fellow remarkable, but his Dharma treasure was also very strong. Fortunately, Han Jue had the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 Han Jue decided to use Great Nine Heavens as his target in the future.
 Although the other party was strong, it was very difficult to kill him.
 Han Jue’s goal was to kill him instantly!
 After Great Nine Heavens left, the Strange Deity calmed down.
 Han Jue let it out. Then, he asked curiously, “What made the Strange Deity so agitated just now?”
 (5 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Seeing such a high lifespan price, it must be something big!
 [Inferior Strange Deity: Unknown existence. It has inherited the providence of a Chaotic Fiendcelestial and has been nurtured for countless eras. It is about to become a spirit.]
 Eh?
 Another Strange Deity?
 But this one was inferior. Han Jue thought curiously, “What’s the difference between the two strange deities?”
 (Your Strange Deity has inherited the providence of all the Chaotic Fiendcelestials. The inferior Strange Deity has only inherited one Chaotic Fiendcelestial’s providence.]
 Oh.
 Wasn’t that a far cry?
 Han Jue was relieved. It was fine as long as he had the best one.
 Then, he stopped thinking about it and continued to absorb the negative karma in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus.
 In the dark universe, above the sea of clouds, under the old tree.
 A divine figure arrived in front of Jade Emperor Zhou Yan. It was Great Nine Heavens.
 Great Nine Heavens asked, “Were you cursed again?”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan opened his eyes and nodded with an ugly expression.
 The Dark Forbidden Lord was like a nightmare. He cursed him every ten years. It was even worse because he knew the time.
 Even if he knew, he was helpless. This feeling was too aggrieved.
 During this period of time, he had been deducing fate, wanting to find the Dark Forbidden Lord, but he came up empty-handed.
 Great Nine Heavens raised his right hand and said, “Do you see what I’m holding?” Jade Emperor Zhou Yan asked in confusion, “There’s nothing. What are you saying?”
 Great Nine Heavens said, “This is a mysterious existence nurtured by the Dark Forbidden Zone. It contains the power of the legendary Chaotic Fiendcelestial. If nurtured, it can definitely overturn the Immeasurable Calamity or even dominate the Great Dao Immeasurable Calamity.”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan frowned.
 “You don’t believe me? Then, feel it.” Great Nine Heavens smiled.
 He waved his right hand. Immediately after, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan felt a sinister aura approaching him. It made his blood run cold. He stood up.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan observed carefully and confirmed that there was nothing. He looked at Great Nine Heavens in surprise.
 Great Nine Heavens said, “This is an extraordinary existence. Even a Pseudo-Sage like you can’t capture its existence. If it wants to kill you, how can you resist?” Jade Emperor Zhou Yan frowned and asked, “Then, how did you see it?”.
 Great Nine Heavens smiled and said, “The Sect Master cast a spell on my eyes.”
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was silent.
 “Next, we’ll think of a way to make it stronger. Don’t look for trouble with Li Daokong anymore. He has the backing of a Sage, so I can’t kill him personally,” Great Nine Heavens said seriously.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan said in a low voice, “I’m not looking for him. He’s the one who keeps looking for me!”
 The mention of Li Daokong infuriated him.
 This fellow clearly could not defeat the two of them, but he insisted on courting death.
 However, when he thought of the Sage of the Human School, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan felt very helpless.
 The current him was far from qualified to challenge a Sage.
 “Hide from him no matter what,” Great Nine Heavens said unquestionably. Jade Emperor Zhou Yan sighed.
 Eight years later.
 [Detected that a mysterious mighty figure is manipulating the evil creatures rejected by the Heavenly Dao to engulf the heavens. You have the following choices:)
 (1: Exit seclusion immediately and kill the evil creatures. You can obtain Heavenly Dao Great Merit, a Great Dao Fragment, and a Mystical Power inheritance.]
 [2: Continue your seclusion and cultivate in a low-profile manner. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment.)
 Han Jue chose the second option without hesitation.
 He now had five Great Dao Fragments. He was getting closer and closer to fusing them. “This evil creature should be the inferior Strange Deity.” Han Jue thought silently. His Strange Deity had yet to mature. It would probably take time for the inferior one to grow as well.
 It couldn’t threaten him!
 Han Jue stopped thinking about it and continued cultivating.
 Half a year later.
 Murong Qi had stepped into the Emperor Realm.
 At this point, Li Yao, Tu Ling’er, Fang Liang, Murong Qi, Long Hao, and Su Qi had stepped into the Emperor Realm. This was the Immeasurable Calamity. With the Heavenly Dao taking care of them, providence bearers cultivated very quickly. What Han Jue wanted to do was to stabilize their Dao hearts and not let them go out to waste their lives.
 Han Jue called Murong Qi into the cave abode and taught him a Mystical Power.
 Even the peak of Murong Qi’s previous life could not compare to the current him, so Han Jue’s guidance was enough to benefit him greatly. Another three years passed.
 Chu Shiren came to visit him.
 Han Jue was already qualified to look down on this Supreme Buddha.
 He had fought with the Heavenly Dao Buddha in the simulation trial and killed him.
 In fact, the Supreme Buddha seemed to be inferior to the Heavenly Dao Buddha.

