 This matter had always been a thorn in Han Jue’s heart, making him unable to completely trust Nüwa Imperial Palace’s Sage.
 Moreover, he didn’t want to become a Heavenly Dao Sage.
 The nine Heavenly Dao Sages were obviously puppets of the Heavenly Dao. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be existences like Transcendent Dao Expert, Eternal Divine Spirit, Great Dao Divine Spirit, and so on.
 Han Jue couldn’t reference the novels and legends he had read in the past. After all, ten Immeasurable Calamities had already appeared since the establishment of the Heavenly Dao. Countless experts were born.
 Anyway, he couldn’t agree!
 Han Jue said in a low voice, “This is very important. I have to consider it.”
 Tai Sutian nodded and said, “That’s true. Tell me through Xing Hongxuan whenever you decide.”
 “Mm.”
 The two of them fell silent, not knowing what to say.
 Han Jue coughed and said, “Can I talk to my wife alone?”
 Xing Hongxuan was overjoyed.
 The title of wife made her extremely happy.
 Tai Sutian hurriedly disappeared and did not say much.
 Han Jue asked in his heart, “Will the dream realm be spied on by a third person?”
 [This Mystical Power is a Great Dao Mystical Power. Only by entering a dream or reaching the Great Dao level can one spy on it.)
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 He asked, “What do you think of what she said just now?”
 Xing Hongxuan looked around and sent a voice transmission, “Not reliable!”
 Han Jue didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. This girl had also become cautious and was even transmitting her voice in the dream.
 Han Jue sent a voice transmission, “Then, hurry up and come back.”
 “How? Where to find you?”
 “Go to the void. I’ll think of a way to find you.”
 “Alright!”
 “Don’t alert the enemy. Find an opportunity and excuse to leave Tai Sutian’s sight.”
 “Don’t worry, I’m familiar with this.”
 After discussing, the two of them began to ask each other questions out loud, as if someone was really spying on them.
 After returning to reality, Han Jue frowned.
 He couldn’t visit anyone in their dreams so casually anymore.
 A Sage could scheme against him at any time! Fortunately, it was only Tai Sutian. If it was a Sage, Han Jue wouldn’t be able to decline.
 “Will this calamity end up as a Sage War?”
 Han Jue muttered in his heart. If that was really the case, the Immortal World would be finished.
 Could the next Immortal World be the Nine Nether Purgatory?
 The more Han Jue thought about it, the more likely he thought it was.
 The Nine Nether Purgatory had already become a place for many factions and living beings to avoid the calamity. The Sages only needed to pour out the negative karma in the Nine Nether Purgatory and it would become a world of its own.
 Han Jue shivered and stopped thinking about it.
 He should cultivate quietly. In the following period of time, friends joined the humans or Heavenly Court from time to time.
 Twenty years later, other than the people from the Hidden Sect, all Han Jue’s good friends had taken sides. They were all in the human and Heavenly Court factions.
 After lining up, it was time for the battle!
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 Didn’t they say that the calamity would last for ten thousand years, or at most a million years?
 It shouldn’t affect the Dark Forbidden Zone, right?
 Han Jue had no choice but to use the derivation function to ask.
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [No]
 Alright!
 It didn’t even say ‘for the time being’!
 Han Jue was relieved and felt like he had just survived a calamity.
 He took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing while checking his emails.
 He suddenly saw an email.
 [Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was possessed by an inferior Strange Deity. His soul was suppressed.]
 Eh?
 Han Jue was furious.
 He still remembered that the inferior Strange Deity was picked up by a person called Great Nine Heavens. This fellow was a Pseudo-Sage.
 Could it be that the mysterious mighty figure who had always helped Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was Great Nine Heavens?
 He’s asking to get killed!
 Han Jue couldn’t tolerate it. Before he grew up, the Heavenly Emperor had always helped him. He would give him whatever he wanted. How could he let the Heavenly Emperor endure such humiliation?
 He would first give Jade Emperor Zhou Yan the treatment of 200 billion years of lifespan!
 Then, he would give Great Nine Heavens 300 billion years of lifespan!
 A mere 500 billion years of lifespan was nothing to Han Jue, who had a lifespan of 10 quintillion years. He had more than enough!
 Five days later. Han Jue’s lifespan began to decrease. He stared at the attributes panel. A hundred billion years of lifespan was consumed very quickly!
 In a mysterious hall, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan sat on the ground with an extremely ugly expression.
 Great Nine Heavens and the Heavenly Emperor stood at the side.
 The Heavenly Emperor was in a strange state. His eyes were black and his hair was white. He was like a puppet. Great Nine Heavens circled around the Heavenly Emperor. It was unknown what he was thinking, but he nodded from time to time.
 At this moment…
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan suddenly opened his eyes and roared, “Save me!”
 Boom
 He spat out a mouthful of golden blood, burning a huge hole in the ground.
 Great Nine Heavens turned to look at him with a frown.
 He looked annoyed.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan had been cursed more than once and needed his help every time.
 Great Nine Heavens wished that this fellow would just die!
 This useless dog!
 Great Nine Heavens cursed in his heart, but he still came behind Jade Emperor Zhou Yan to heal him.
 Soon, Great Nine Heavens’ expression changed.
 What a powerful curse!
 He could clearly sense the other party’s anger. The curse power was like a stormy sea, as if it wanted to drown Jade Emperor Zhou Yan.
 Oh no!
 The Dark Forbidden Lord wanted to curse Jade Emperor Zhou Yan to death!
 Although it was very difficult for Jade Emperor Zhou Yan to be cursed to death, at this rate, his Dao Fruit would become unstable and his cultivation would definitely decline. He might even suffer from Qi Deviation and become a Heavenly Devil.
 Great Nine Heavens tried his best to help.
 However, the curse power was still increasing!
 He couldn’t block it!
 Crap!
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan was doomed!
 Great Nine Heavens’ expression was extremely
 ugly.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan suddenly looked up and roared, “Ahhh “.
 This roar spread throughout the myriad worlds. Everyone could hear the hatred in his tone.
 Jade Emperor Zhou Yan’s body exploded and his soul turned into a black mist. Great Nine Heavens’ expression changed drastically. “Devil Qi! How is that possible!”
 Then, his expression turned furious.
 This fellow actually sought refuge with the Devil Ancestor!
 He’s asking to get killed!
 The black mist that Jade Emperor Zhou Yan had transformed into suddenly rushed towards Great Nine Heavens. He roared, “Even if I die, I will drag you down with me! Great Nine Heavens! You will die a horrible death!”
 Great Nine Heavens cursed this fellow for being crazy as he raised his hand to block.
 (Because of your curse, your enemy Jade Emperor Zhou Yan had his body destroyed and his soul devoured by the Devil Ancestor.]
 Seeing this email, Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 This time, he went overboard.
 He had actually used up 300 billion years of his lifespan. The hand holding the Book of Misfortune was trembling.
 How extravagant!
 Heavenly Emperor, I’ve really tried my best.
 Han Jue’s eyes became sharp.
 It was not over!
 Next was Great Nine Heavens!
 But before that, Han Jue had to rest.
 Several days later.
 Han Jue held the Book of Misfortune again and cursed Great Nine Heavens.
 On the other side.
 Great Nine Heavens had just ended the battle and expelled Jade Emperor Zhou Yan from the hall. He was meditating to heal his injuries when he felt a powerful curse.
 His expression darkened. The damned Dark Forbidden Lord had targeted him!

