 He raised his hand and took out a green lotus throne.
 The Heavenly Emperor beside him was meditating and cultivating. His body was surrounded by wisps of strange black aura, as if there were evil spirits around him. It was ghastly and terrifying.
 Five days later. Great Nine Heavens frowned as he felt the curse power increase.
 Why was it always five days later?
 Could there be something to it?
 Great Nine Heavens had accompanied Jade Emperor Zhou Yan to resist the curse and captured this detail. As he pondered, he resisted the curse.
 In the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue stared at his attributes panel.
 110 billion years!
 150 billion years!
 200 billion years! 250 billion years!
 Because Great Nine Heavens didn’t develop any emotions towards Han Jue, he didn’t know the other party’s exact situation.
 Who cared!
 He would give him 300 billion years to enjoy first!
 Han Jue continued cursing.
 He only stopped after deducting 300 billion years of his lifespan.
 Although Han Jue was fine after spending 600 billion years of his lifespan, he was inexplicably terrified.
 To be precise, it was guilt.
 He felt that he had let down his soul and Dao heart.
 However, the Heavenly Emperor was in trouble, so he had no choice but to take action.
 “I wonder if that fellow is injured.”
 Han Jue thought worriedly. Should he deduce it?
 Forget it!
 That was a Pseudo-Sage. If he asked, he would lose a lot of his lifespan.
 Han Jue started to adjust his emotions and prepared to continue cultivating.
 In the hall, Great Nine Heavens was still meditating and healing his injuries. His expression changed from madness, anger, fear, and gloominess as if he had multiple personalities.
 The Heavenly Emperor stood at the side staring at him.
 After a long time.
 Great Nine Heavens opened his eyes. His expression was extremely ugly as he muttered, “Damn it! Why is this fellow’s curse so terrifying? How many lives has he sacrificed?”
 He believed that the Dark Forbidden Lord sacrificed living beings to curse the enemy. Using his lifespan to curse the enemy was the strongest way.
 No one would sacrifice their own lifespan to curse their enemies, even if they were Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals.
 Zenith Heaven Golden Immortals were said to be immortal, but that was only the definition of all living beings. No Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal had lived from the beginning of the world until now. They were either dead or had broken through to a higher realm to elevate their essence of life.
 In addition, if he used his lifespan to curse, he would definitely provoke karma. To a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, this was the greatest taboo. Even if he was a Pseudo-Sage.
 The more Great Nine Heavens thought about it, the more he felt that the Dark Forbidden Lord was a huge danger. If he let him continue to grow, he would definitely become a huge threat to the Heavenly Dao! “We have to report this to the Sages!”
 Great Nine Heavens thought silently. At this moment, his mental demon was in chaos. He was so shocked that he hurriedly used his supreme Dharmic powers to suppress it. However, the mental demon was too strong, causing his Dharmic powers to run wild. He injured his Dao Fruit and his cultivation fell slightly.
 Damn Dark Forbidden Lord!
 If he didn’t take revenge, he wouldn’t be qualified to be a Pseudo-Sage! Suddenly! The Heavenly Emperor, who had been standing quietly beside him, suddenly attacked Great Nine Heavens. With a palm strike, countless black Qi wrapped around Great Nine Heavens like dragons and snakes.
 Great Nine Heavens turned around and widened his eyes. He shouted angrily, “You!”
 The Heavenly Emperor pulled with his right hand. Countless black Qi interwove with lightning and tore Great Nine Heavens’ body apart.
 “Hmph! An evil creature like you wants to rebel? You’re overestimating yourself!”
 Great Nine Heavens’ voice sounded, his tone filled with anger.
 Another ten years had passed since he had cursed Jade Emperor Zhou Yan and Great Nine Heavens.
 To mortals, ten years was a long time. But to Han Jue, it was like yesterday.
 He took out the Book of Misfortune and continued cursing Jade Emperor Zhou Yan while checking his emails.
 The humans and Heavenly Court had already started a full-scale war. Most of the emails were about being attacked or even about being severely injured.
 How tragic!
 Humans were not demons. If they fought, they would either win or be wiped out. They would continue fighting.
 Han Jue was waiting for Xing Hongxuan to return. As long as she went to the void, she would use the Invocation Technique. However, after so many years, she had never used it.
 Although Han Jue was a little worried, he still waited patiently.
 Recently, he had not seen any emails about Xing Hongxuan encountering danger. The portrait was still there. She was probably waiting for the opportunity.
 After reading the emails, Han Jue made up his mind not to enter the calamity.
 From now on, no matter who looked for him, he would never go out.
 He had to survive this calamity first.
 Ten days later, Han Jue’s curse ended. He would visit Fang Liang in his dreams this time.
 Before dreaming, he first deduced, “Will my dream attract the attention of others?”.
 (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Fortunately, it was only a hundred million years. It was not expensive! [Not for the time being.]
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief and immediately performed the technique.
 The two of them came to the Numinous Palace. This Numinous Palace was the scene Han Jue saw when he transformed it. It was dilapidated and desolate, just nice to match what he had to say. The scene in the dream was entirely decided by Han Jue. He felt that the atmosphere was very important.
 Fang Liang was stunned when he saw Han Jue using his true body and not the image of the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 After coming back to his senses, Fang Liang hurriedly bowed and said, “Greetings, Grandmaster!”
 Even as the Heavenly Emperor, Fang Liang did not forget Han Jue’s kindness.
 He knew very well that if not for him, he would not be here today.
 Han Jue smiled and asked, “How have you been? Does the position of Heavenly Emperor feel good?”
 Fang Liang smiled bitterly. “We’re just pawns and puppets.”
 Facing Han Jue, he didn’t pretend to be strong. He began to talk about the internal and external troubles of the Heavenly Court.
 The Heavenly Court looked powerful, but as more and more factions joined, many internal conflicts ensued. As the Heavenly Emperor, his cultivation level was insufficient, so he couldn’t suppress all the ambitious people. Every time the Numinous Palace discussed matters, they would quarrel. If not for Li Daokong, they would probably fight. In the outside world, the Heavenly Court was unprecedentedly powerful, but in Fang Liang’s opinion, this alliance was extremely weak and could be destroyed at any time.
 After he finished speaking, Han Jue asked, “Are you willing to come back?”
 Han Jue remained silent.
 This was not Fang Liang scaring himself. After all, the Sages were watching. How could they allow him to destroy the game they had set up?
 Apart from Sages, the Heavenly Court’s enemies would also target Fang Liang.
 After becoming the Heavenly Emperor, Fang Liang had offended too many people. During this period of time, all the enemies the Heavenly Court had offended would blame him because he was the Heavenly Emperor.
 Han Jue said, “Then, you can only be careful. Next, I will completely close the Hidden Sect and avoid the Immeasurable Calamity.”
 Fang Liang was not surprised. Instead, he asked with a smile, “Grandmaster, what’s your cultivation level now? With your potential, you’re at least at the Deity Realm, right?”
 Han Jue replied, “Yes, I’m only at the One Mystic Divine Origin.” Fang Liang praised, “Grandmaster’s talent is truly unprecedented. You’d be a genius even in the Primordial Era. You can even compete with the Dao Ancestor.”
 Han Jue smiled and didn’t say anything.
 He might not trust the others, but he believed Fang Liang when he said this!

