 Although Fang Liang was helpless, Han Jue clearly felt that he wanted to fight for providence. He was not completely coerced by others. This was his own intention.
 Everyone had their own fate. Han Jue couldn’t force it.
 After returning to the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue hesitated to contact Xing Hongxuan again. However, after thinking about it, he decided not to. If he did it too frequently, it would alert the enemy.
 Next, Han Jue visited Xuan Qingjun in her dreams.
 She had helped him a lot in the beginning and given him all sorts of resources. The favor he owed her was the most important.
 The dream was a cave abode, and the light was dim.
 Xuan Qingjun was stunned when she saw him.
 “Come back. The Immeasurable Calamity is about to erupt. The human race will definitely lose. Even the Immortal Gods will die,” Han Jue said solemnly. Xuan Qingjun frowned and fell into deep thought.
 Han Jue waited patiently.
 After a long time.
 Xuan Qingjun said, “Thank you for your kind intentions, but I want to fight. Sorry.”
 She looked at Han Jue with an exceptionally gentle gaze. She believed him. The fact that Han Jue could reveal the heavenly secrets to her meant that he really cared about her.
 Han Jue remained silent.
 Han Jue knew that this was the truth.
 Not just anyone could reach the Immortal Emperor Realm.
 Although the Hidden Sect wanted everyone to become Immortal Emperors, those who had reached this realm were all geniuses among themselves.
 Han Jue said, “As long as you don’t regret it.”
 Xuan Qingjun smiled and shook her head.
 Han Jue thought for a moment and said, “In that case, I’ll teach you some Mystical Powers.” Xuan Qingjun had already obtained the inheritance of a mighty figure from the Jie School. However, this was Han Jue’s kind intention, so she didn’t reject it.
 Han Jue began to teach her the Mystical Power.
 Soon, Xuan Qingjun was shocked.
 This Mystical Power…
 It was stronger than all the Mystical Powers she had grasped!
 What cultivation level was this kid at now?
 Xuan Qingjun suddenly couldn’t understand Han Jue.
 Could it be that this man had already reached the top level of the Immortal World?
 Thinking of this, Xuan Qingjun was inexplicably stunned. She couldn’t help but think of the scene when she first saw Han Jue.
 At that time, she only felt that Han Jue was the most good-looking and the only one who could move her heart. She didn’t expect him to be a mighty figure of the Immortal World. Is this kid the reincarnation of a mighty figure?
 Definitely!
 After returning to reality, Han Jue sighed.
 Was this the Immeasurable Calamity?
 Apart from Xing Hongxuan, the others knew that it was extremely dangerous, but they did not return.
 The reason why Xing Hongxuan was willing to return was that she had already obtained the Sage’s inheritance and was qualified to avoid the calamity.
 Han Jue then went to visit Zhou Fan, Mo Fuchou, and Ji Xianshen in their dreams. The three of them rejected his good intentions.
 Zhou Fan and Ji Xianshen still challenged him. However, he did not give them a chance and directly canceled the dream.
 Han Jue thought of Mo Zhu again. This girl had not done anything for a long time.
 He immediately dreamed, but he was shocked to find that he could not find her.
 He hurriedly clicked on Mo Zhu’s profile picture.
 He was shocked.
 Why did this girl reach the Grand Unity True Immortal Realm?
 With her potential, how could she cultivate so fast?
 Han Jue immediately deduced, “I want to know, why can’t I visit Mo Zhu’s dream?” (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 (Sage Dao Field, there are Great Dao restrictions to isolate your Mystical Power.]
 Sage Dao Field…
 Han Jue was shocked.
 Why was Mo Zhu also chosen by a Sage?
 Han Jue continued, “I want to know which Sage it is.”
 (5 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue!
 [Li Muyi: Cultivation unknown. Transcendent Dao Expert, Sect Master of the Human School, creator of the Sword Dao. His existence is untraceable. Because you refused to protect the Sword Dao River, his impression of you has worsened. He thinks that your personality is not worthy of being a sword cultivator. Current Hatred Points: 1 star.] Sect Master of the Human School!
 Han Jue frowned. Didn’t this fellow look down on him? Why did he want to take Mo Zhu away?
 It was definitely not a coincidence!
 Sages could see through karma. The moment they saw Mo Zhu, they knew that she was related to him.
 “I want to know why Li Muyi took in Mo Zhu.” Han Jue continued to ask in his heart.
 (5 billion years of lifespan will be deducted.]
 I didn’t even blink when spending 600 billion years of lifespan. What’s 10 billion now?
 Continue!
 Han Jue thought firmly.
 Being targeted by a Sage was really unpleasant, and there was more than one now.
 Han Jue’s consciousness entered the illusion.
 It was an endless hall. An old man sat on a mat. He looked extremely tiny here, like a firefly in the night.
 Li Muyi!
 He wore a Daoist robe and had white hair and a youthful face. He had a sage-like bearing and looked very similar to Ancestor Xitian.
 He suddenly opened his eyes and frowned, muttering, “The Human School is facing a calamity.”
 At this moment, a figure appeared in front of him.
 Li Muyi immediately stood up and bowed.
 Han Jue frowned. Who was this person?
 To be able to make Li Muyi bow, he was not simple!
 Could it be the Dao Ancestor?
 No!
 The Dao Ancestor was long gone, and he had not disappeared recently. How old was Mo Zhu?
 The timing did not match! “If the Human School wants to transcend the tribulation, it needs to rely on variables. Are you still paying attention to that variable?” The figure spoke with an ethereal voice.
 Li Muyi said, “Master, I’m paying attention to him. This child has a weak personality and only cares about immortality. It’s probably very difficult to change the Heavenly Dao, let alone the Great Dao. Can we rely on him?”
 The figure replied, “The variable is something that even us Sages can’t predict. If we want to break through, we can only rely on him. The Three Schools of the Dao Sect are powerless before the Great Dao Calamity.”
 Li Muyi frowned. He said in a low voice, “Daokong is very concerned about him and wants to take him in as a disciple, but he rejected him. He’s not easy to approach.” The figure said, “This child doesn’t have much karma, but he values relationships. You can take this woman as your disciple.”
 He waved his right hand and Mo Zhu’s figure appeared beside him like a projection.
 Li Muyi frowned even harder and said, “This mortal’s potential is too poor. She’s not worthy.”
 “Hmph, you don’t listen to me anymore?”
 “Alright!”
 Li Muyi agreed helplessly. Then, the scene shattered.
 Han Jue opened his eyes. They were filled with worry.
 How many mighty figures were watching him? “I want to know, who is Li Muyi’s master?”
 Han Jue continued to think. That fellow sounded so cool just now. How strong must he be to accept a Sage as his disciple? (50 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Han Jue gritted his teeth and made his choice.
 Curiosity killed the cat.
 The identity of the Sage was too enticing. [Laozi: Cultivation unknown. Transcendent Dao Expert, First Disciple of the Dao Ancestor, founder of the Human School, Immeasurable Emperor, Sword Dao Sovereign]
 Gasp
 The legendary Laozi!
 This person had a high status in Chinese mythology and history.
 Han Jue did not expect him to really exist!
 It seemed that he was not as simple as a Heavenly Dao Sage.
 Stronger! Could it be that he had already reached the Great Dao level?
 How strong was Hong Jun?
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 If this was really the background of the Primordial World, wouldn’t he have arrived in an era countless times later than Journey to the West?
 Perhaps the Primordial World and legends were these Sages’ projections of the heavens. They visited all living beings and let their legends spread widely.

