 Han Jue was secretly nervous. The outcome of the calamity had changed again. Who would appear next?
 If it was someone he knew, that would be fine. However, he was afraid that there would be another unknown figure.
 There were countless mighty figures in the myriad worlds. There were countless peerless mighty figures hidden in the dark. Han Jue had always been in seclusion, so he didn’t understand the Immortal World or the Heavenly Dao.
 A ball of flames appeared in front of the Numinous Palace’s door. The flames parted and a figure appeared.
 Han Jue focused his gaze. This person was dressed in black armor and had a cloak on his back. His hair was disheveled and he had a murderous aura. He looked like a sinister general from the Nine Nether Hell.
 Han Jue took a closer look. This person looked familiar.
 Eh?
 This fellow was…
 Zhou Fan!
 Han Jue was stunned.
 The calamity had just ended, but Zhou Fan was already so powerful? This aura did not feel inferior to Zu Tu.
 The Heavenly Emperor smiled disdainfully. “If not for the fact that you are a Sage’s Dharma Idol and have the protection of a Sage, you would have died in my hands!”
 Zhou Fan said calmly, “I’ve lost to many people in my life, but as long as I’m still alive, I can surpass them, including you, the Heavenly Emperor. In the war between the humans and gods, you devoured the grudges of all living beings everywhere, preventing countless ghosts from reincarnating. If the Heavenly Dao can’t suppress you, I’ll do it!
 “Are you prepared to accept the blood debt of billions of humans?”
 Han Jue frowned. The Heavenly Emperor had turned dark, but the human race was still going to perish?
 The Heavenly Emperor laughed loudly. “You? Mortal, you’re just a pawn. Do you know why I can still be the Heavenly Emperor?”
 He raised his right hand and an extremely terrifying aura erupted. Even though it was an illusion, Han Jue couldn’t help but tremble in fear.
 “I’ve already surpassed the Heavenly Dao. So what if you’re a Sage’s Dharma Idol! You’re not a Sage, after all!”
 The scene in front of Han Jue shattered and his consciousness returned to reality.
 His frown eased.
 Although the Heavenly Emperor had turned dark, it was fine as long as he survived this Immeasurable Calamity. The so-called dark side itself was subjective. In this chaotic era, what was wrong with trying his best to survive?
 Furthermore, the war between humans and gods was not caused by the Heavenly Emperor. It was controlled by those high and mighty Sages. A single thought from a Sage would cause billions of living beings to die. Wasn’t this a sin?
 Han Jue decided to enter the Heavenly Emperor’s dream. He used the image of the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 After entering the dream, Han Jue saw the Heavenly Emperor. It was very similar to the image of the Heavenly Emperor in the illusion. His imperial robe became dark and his body emitted a terrifying evil aura.
 This evil aura was identical to the Strange Deity, but it was not as unfathomable.
 The Heavenly Emperor wasn’t surprised to see him. Instead, he smiled.
 Before Han Jue could speak, the Heavenly Emperor smiled and said, “I was right. Han Jue, you’ve already reached the Zenith Heaven Realm, right?”
 Han Jue’s heart jumped, but he didn’t panic.
 How did the Heavenly Emperor know his true identity?
 He must be probing!
 “Ever since you came to find me, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan has begun to decline. I just fused with an evil spirit and you appeared. You really care about me.” The Heavenly Emperor smiled faintly with a sinister expression.
 Han Jue wasn’t used to his attitude and asked in his mind, “Is the Heavenly Emperor tricking me?”
 (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] A lie detection required a hundred million years?
 Damn system! Continue!
 Han Jue cursed in his head.
 (He’s testing you]
 Eh?
 It was indeed a test!
 Han Jue wasn’t nervous anymore.
 Although the Heavenly Emperor’s favorability towards him did not decrease, the identity of the Dark Forbidden Lord was too important. He had to be wary. “You don’t have to admit it. I understand. If not for your help, I’m afraid my body and soul would have been destroyed.”
 The Heavenly Emperor smiled and said, “I plan to use the negative karma of this place to attain the Dao. I need a new identity so badly. How about I become the Dark Forbidden Lord’s envoy in the future?”
 Han Jue said, “There’s no need to guess. Many people do things in my name. Besides, you are the Heavenly Emperor. How can you escape the heavenly secrets?”
 The Heavenly Emperor said indifferently, “I have already transformed. In the eyes of the Nine Heavens, I have already been possessed. The former Heavenly Emperor no longer exists. Only you know that I am still my original self. “When I attain the Dao, I will protect you and make sure you no longer have to hide in the dark. You will help me curse some existences. How about that?”
 Han Jue remained silent.
 He was f*cking luring him into the calamity!
 It was fine if the Heavenly Emperor did not know his identity, but now, he forcefully guessed that he was the Dark Forbidden Lord. If he followed the Heavenly Emperor’s plan, would he be accidentally deduced by the Sages?
 “I know what you’re worried about. In the calamity, Sages can’t deduce the people facing the calamity, let alone deduce the karma on me because I have a Supreme Treasure left behind by the Dao Ancestor,” the Heavenly Emperor said confidently. Han Jue wasn’t at ease and deduced the Supreme Treasure mentioned by the Heavenly Emperor.
 (3 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Stability was the key to wealth
 (Jade Slip of Creation: Ruined Chaotic Supreme Treasure, a relic of the Dao Ancestor. It can block the heavenly secrets and all karmic deductions.]  Eh?
 Really?
 How impressive!
 “Are you sure it’s on the Heavenly Emperor?”
 (Confirm]
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief and said, “Who do you need me to curse?”
 The Heavenly Emperor said, “Curse Great Nine Heavens and Jade Emperor Zhou Yan to death first. They might expose my current identity.”
 “Yes, they plotted against Li Daokong. I won’t let them go, anyway.”
 Han Jue responded and removed the dream.
 After returning to reality, Han Jue felt regret.
 He was almost exposed!
 He had to be more careful in the future!
 He couldn’t be fooled!
 As for cursing Great Nine Heavens and Jade Emperor Zhou Yan, it suited Han Jue’s intentions.
 The Heavenly Emperor had the fragment of the Jade Slip of Creation. Sages couldn’t deduce it. As long as he did not say it, Han Jue would not be exposed.
 Han Jue still trusted the Heavenly Emperor.
 As long as he did not admit it personally, the Heavenly Emperor would not force the blame on him.
 Han Jue shook his head and continued cultivating
 He used boring cultivation to dilute his restlessness and uneasiness.
 Twenty years later.
 [Your good friend Jiang Dugu was attacked by your good friend Li Daokong and was severely injured.)
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor has entered the Ancient Forbidden Ground.)
 [Your grand-disciple Fang Liang has inherited the providence of the ancient races. He has fused with the Primordial Divine Body and his cultivation has increased greatly.)
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by a Deity Realm cultivator of the Heavenly Court and was severely injured. A remnant soul managed to escape.]
 (Your good friend Jiang Dugu was attacked by your good friend Li Daokong and was severely injured.) (Your good friend Tai Sutian has inherited the main body’s cultivation and her providence has transformed.]
 [Your good friend Jiang Dugu was attacked by your good friend Li Daokong and was severely injured.)
 Li Daokong went mad again!
 This fellow seemed to chase after whoever defeated him. He was simply a crazy devil!
 Han Jue was speechless. Jiang Dugu was a terrifying existence that suppressed the Primordial Yuan Phoenix! Moreover, he was also from the Human School!
 Internal strife in the Human School?
 Sighing, Han Jue focused on Fang Liang.
 His expression became strange.

