 Because the previous session had just ended, his lifespan decreased after he began cursing again. 100 billion years of lifespan!
 200 billion years of lifespan!
 It had already taken 500 billion years in total, but Great Nine Heavens was still fine.
 Han Jue didn’t believe in failure and continued cursing
 After spending another 50 billion years of his lifespan, Han Jue finally saw an email.
 (Your enemy Great Nine Heavens has developed mental demons because of your curse. Fortunately, the Sage used his Dao voice to protect his mind.)
 Sage…
 Han Jue immediately put down the Book of Misfortune.
 No wonder there was no result with the curse.
 This fellow was actually hiding beside a Sage.
 Great!
 “I want to see if you can hide forever!”
 Han Jue thought silently, but his heart was bleeding.
 500 billion years.
 How many times could he predict the future with this?!
 Great!
 Han Jue thought silently, “I want to know, which Sage is protecting Great Nine Heavens?”
 He didn’t dare to curse a Sage directly, but if he encountered this Sage in the future, he would definitely stay far away and not be fooled.
 Sages spoke without emotions. It was difficult to guess their emotions and was very easy to scare others. (3 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 (South Extreme Heavenly Venerate: Cultivation unknown. Heavenly Dao Sage, Sect Master of the Chan School, Immeasurable Emperor]
 Sect Master of the Chan School!
 Han Jue wasn’t surprised. After all, Great Nine Heavens was from the Chan School.
 The Chan School had always been mysterious. It was located in Kunlun, and they did not participate in the conflict. Occasionally, they could even organize a grand event and stir up a storm in the Immortal World.
 It wasn’t easy to weigh such a force.
 At least, it was stronger than the intercepting sect.
 Previously, the Jie School had invaded the Heavenly Court and suffered a crushing defeat. The two couldn’t be compared.
 Han Jue stood up and stretched before walking out of the cave abode.
 He had just broken through, so he naturally had to treat the people around him well.
 Han Jue decided to preach the Dao for ten years.
 It was very rare for a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal to preach the Dao even in the Immortal World.
 Heavenly Court, Imperial Garden.
 Fang Liang and the Divine General sat opposite each other. Ji Xianshen was cultivating a Mystical Power not far away.
 The Divine General glanced at Ji Xianshen and asked, “Where’s the Chan School’s Supremacy? He hasn’t appeared recently. Are you going back on your word?”
 Fang Liang said, “I don’t know what he’s doing. We can’t trust the Chan School completely. I’ve received information that the Endless Sea of Blood is hiding a mighty figure of the Devil Race. I’m worried that the humans and the Heavenly Court will fight until the end and the Devil Race will benefit from it.”
 “What does His Majesty want me to do?” “Call the Heavenly God General and lead a million Heavenly Troops to reinforce the three Emperors.”
 “Then, the Heavenly Court…”
 “Don’t worry, I have someone to teach you.”
 “Alright!”
 Fang Liang nodded and gestured for the Divine General to leave.
 Fang Liang looked at Ji Xianshen and said, “Do you remember Zhou Fan? This kid is trapped in the Endless Sea of Blood.”
 Ji Xianshen said indifferently, “He’s a traitor. Why should I remember him?”
 Fang Liang shook his head and laughed. “You can’t say that he’s a traitor. If the Heavenly Court loses, you can also join him. I’ve already told him.”
 Hearing this, Ji Xianshen stopped and turned to look at him. He frowned and asked, “The Heavenly Court is so powerful, but it will still lose?”
 “The Heavenly Court is indeed powerful, but it is not united, and I am not the one who controls it. Do you understand?”
 “True.”
 “When the foundation of the tall building is all gone, won’t the building still collapse? Those who live at the top of the building will suffer even more.”
 Fang Liang looked melancholic. He no longer had the domineering aura from before.
 He felt that he was definitely the weakest Heavenly Emperor in history.
 It wasn’t that his potential was poor, but that he had ascended too early and was facing the Immeasurable Calamity.
 If he was given time, he was confident that he could become the strongest Heavenly Emperor! Ji Xianshen said, “If you really can’t, go back and find your Grandmaster. He definitely has a way to protect you.” Fang Liang smiled and said, “I know, but I want to fight. I don’t want to wander around. We know best what we’ve suffered. Don’t you want to stand at the peak of the world?”
 Unknowingly, he started speaking like before he became the Heavenly Emperor.
 It was as if he had returned to the past Fang Liang Ji Xianshen clenched his fists and cursed, “Of course, I want to. If not for our bad luck, given a million years, we would definitely be invincible!”
 To be honest, other than Han Jue, Ji Xianshen looked down on everyone.
 Even Fang Liang felt inferior to him!
 He should be the strongest existence!
 However, he encountered the Immeasurable Calamity.
 “Let’s wait and see. If the two of us succeed, we will be the players in the next Immeasurable Calamity!” Fang Liang said in high spirits. His eyes burned as if he could see his grand ambitions being realized.
 Ji Xianshen smiled like a spring breeze. It was rare that he was not so overbearing.
 In the blink of an eye, another forty years passed.
 On this day, Han Jue had just finished cursing Great Nine Heavens when he walked out of the cave abode and came to the Fusang Tree.
 Recently, he had sensed that the Fusang Tree was producing Connate Qi faster and faster. Something was happening.
 “How do you feel?” Han Jue asked.
 The others looked at him.
 They didn’t sense him walking out of the cave abode and couldn’t help but be surprised.
 The Fusang Tree replied, “I don’t know why. I’ve been feeling warm recently as if I’m about to break through.”
 It did not sound pained but puzzled.
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows.
 After this Fusang Tree grew, it could connect to the myriad worlds in the universe. Could it be that it was about to succeed?
 Wasn’t it going to take a million years?
 Could it be that it referred to a million years of the mortal world, but the Spirit Qi in Hidden Sect Island had doubled and accelerated its growth?
 Han Jue deduced with the derivation function. [100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [The Fusang Tree is about to mature. The rules of space and time are brewing.)
 Han Jue’s eyes lit up.
 He was very curious about which world the Fusang Tree would connect to.
 Han Jue said, “You’re about to grow up. At that time, you will connect to other worlds. You have to control it a little. Don’t open the door of time and space rashly.”
 The Fusang Tree shook its branches and said, “Am I that powerful?”
 The others gathered around.
 Chu Shiren rubbed his chin and said, “The Fusang Tree needs a million years to grow, but the Spirit Qi in the island is even richer than the Holy Lands of the Immortal World. It can indeed grow faster.”
 Murong Qi asked curiously, “Connect to other mortal worlds?”
 Chu Shiren shook his head and said, “Not necessarily. It might be an unknown world. Other than the myriad worlds below the Immortal World, there are actually countless mysterious and unknown worlds hidden, just like the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End and the Ancient Desolate that mighty figures often mention.”
 Everyone began to discuss.
 Han Jue was worried that it would attract a mighty figure and asked in his mind, “I want to know, will there be an existence stronger than me in the world that the Fusang Tree is about to connect to?”
 [A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue!
 (Yes]
 Han Jue’s eyelids twitched. F*ck!
 Wasn’t this sending an enemy to their doorstep?
 As long as the other party was stronger than Han Jue, he could be an enemy and threaten his safety.
 Han Jue had to be on guard.
 He asked, “Can you control the power in your body?”
 The Fusang Tree replied, “No.” When Han Jue heard that, he immediately transferred Lü Bu and Ma Chao over to guard in front of the Fusang Tree.

