 He asked cautiously, “If I go to Fang Liang’s side now, will my life be in danger?”
 There would definitely be danger, so as long as it did not involve his life, it was fine.
 (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Not for the time being.]
 Han Jue immediately replied, “Alright.”
 Fang Liang began to use his Mystical Power. Soon, a black vortex appeared in front of Han Jue. He stepped in.
 Immortal World, Heavenly Court, Numinous Palace.
 Fang Liang stood up and looked at the black vortex floating in the hall. He couldn’t help but become nervous.
 After not seeing Han Jue for many years, the other party’s image in his heart became more and more mysterious.
 A figure stepped out of the black vortex. He wore a Heavenly Constellation Great Dao Robe and had a Golden Seal Domain Blood Belt wrapped around his waist. He wore the Constitution Mystic Boots and his body was wrapped in the Heavenly Envy Cloud Silk. He looked extremely spirited.
 Who else could it be but Han Jue?
 Even Fang Liang, who was already the Heavenly Emperor, couldn’t help but be stunned when he saw him.
 As expected of Grandmaster.
 Even if his soul passed through the Primordial Era, Fang Liang had never seen a man more handsome than Han Jue. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that under the Heavenly Dao, even the most beautiful woman was inferior to him.
 Han Jue landed on the ground, and Fang Liang hurriedly bowed.
 “Where is it?” Han Jue asked directly.
 He was expressionless, but he was nervous inside.
 He directly checked the strongest person nearby.
 [Li Daokong: Late-stage Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm, eldest disciple of the Human School]
 Gasp
 This fellow has already reached the late stage of the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm?
 Too fast!
 Han Jue was secretly shocked. At the same time, he copied Li Daokong’s cultivation so he could be an opponent in the simulation trial.
 Fang Liang raised his hand, and a white jade fragment appeared on his palm. Han Jue took the treasure and placed it on his sleeve. Then, he turned around and walked towards the black vortex.
 “Grandmaster, aren’t you going to stay for a while?” Fang Liang hurriedly shouted.
 This was too fast!
 Han Jue said, “What’s the matter?”
 Fang Liang said helplessly, “This is the Heavenly Court. I’m the Heavenly Emperor. What danger is there? If there’s danger here, won’t the Heavenly Court be destroyed? I just want to chat with you, Grandmaster.” Han Jue looked at his tired face and agreed.
 “An hour at most.”
 “No problem!”
 Fang Liang was pleasantly surprised.
 He hurriedly took out a throne and placed it beside the Heavenly Emperor’s seat.
 The two of them sat down. Fang Liang began to talk about the Heavenly Court’s development over the years. The Heavenly Court had been fighting with the humans and recruiting immortals overseas. After so many years, not only did the number of Heavenly Troops not decrease, but it also continued to increase.
 There were countless living beings in the Immortal World. As the calamity progressed, more and more living beings couldn’t be left alone and had to enter the calamity.
 Fang Liang said, “The entire Immortal World is filled with negative karma now. I don’t know how long it can last. The true calamity is about to descend.”
 Han Jue asked, “If the Heavenly Court is defeated, will you…”
 Fang Liang shook his head and said, “Perhaps, but the Heavenly Court won’t lose because many mighty figures are supporting it. If the humans are defeated, it’s already impossible to escape. “Even if the Heavenly Court wins, I might not be able to sit firmly on the Heavenly Emperor’s throne.”
 Fang Liang knew very well that his Heavenly Emperor position was only temporary, meant to use him as a target board.
 Han Jue was silent.
 He couldn’t give an opinion on Fang Liang’s choice.
 He couldn’t enter the calamity for him.
 At this moment…
 Han Jue felt two powerful auras approaching. He immediately stood up and said, “Someone’s here. I’m leaving.”
 Han Jue immediately walked towards the black vortex in the air.
 A terrifying gust of wind blew over. “Where are you going?!” Li Xuan’ao’s voice sounded.
 Han Jue quickened his pace and stepped into the black vortex.
 In a flash, Li Xuan’ao suddenly appeared behind him and reached out to grab him.
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows.
 This fellow was only at the Six Mystic Divine Origin Realm. How could he be so fast? The Human School’s Mystical Power?
 Han Jue raised his hand and struck with the Great Freedom Heaven Imprisoning Palm.
 Li Xuan’ao’s expression changed drastically, and he subconsciously raised his sword to block.
 “Wait, we have no ill intentions!”
 Li Daokong’s voice sounded, and Han Jue immediately heard him.
 He stopped. The Great Freedom Heaven Imprisoning Palm stopped in front of Li Xuan’ao. The terrifying pressure blew his long hair, leaving him stunned.
 “So strong…”
 Han Jue narrowed his eyes and looked over. Li Daokong transformed into a shadow and flew into the hall.
 Fang Liang was dumbfounded.
 He knew that Han Jue was very strong, but he didn’t expect him to be so strong that Li Xuan’ao would panic.
 Li Daokong stopped and kept a distance from Han Jue. He sized him up with a burning gaze and said, “You’re actually already a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal. Did you receive guidance from a Sage?” He still remembered Han Jue. Other than him, no one else made him want to take in a disciple.
 Han Jue smiled and said, “Senior Li, long time no see.”
 He didn’t answer Li Daokong’s question.
 It was easy to be suspected.
 The result of answering yes was that he would ask which Sage it was again. The trouble was endless.
 Han Jue said, “Continue chatting. I’ll go back first.”
 “Wait, we’re not enemies. What are you afraid of?”
 Li Daokong called him.
 Han Jue said, “It’s been many years. I’m afraid of strangers.”
 Li Xuan’ao stared at him as if he wanted to eat him.
 Fortunately, this fellow didn’t increase his hatred towards him. Otherwise, Han Jue would definitely teach him a lesson when he returned.
 Li Daokong smiled and said, “Join our Human School. You can choose not to acknowledge me as your master. We can be fellow disciples. My master is very interested in you.”
 Li Muyi?
 That petty person? Han Jue said, “Let’s talk after the calamity ends. It’s too dangerous now. I don’t dare to interact with any of you.”
 Li Xuan’ao couldn’t help but say, “The calamity won’t affect the foundation of our Human School. We’re a Sage Sect. Joining us is your opportunity!” Han Jue glanced at him and asked, “How have you been all these years?”
 Li Xuan’ao snorted. “Wonderful!”
 He felt bitter inside. Actually, it wasn’t wonderful at all. It was torturous.
 as
 Han Jue looked at Li Daokong and said, “Thank you for your kind intentions, Senior Li. Goodbye!”
 With that, he suddenly entered the black vortex.
 Li Daokong’s eyes flashed as he charged into the black vortex.
 A sword Qi suddenly swept out and sent him flying. The sword Qi rushed out of the Numinous Palace and cut the sea of clouds in half. The black vortex shrank.
 Li Daokong landed in the hall, slightly moved.
 Fang Liang widened his eyes. Li Xuan’ao turned around and asked, “Senior, you can’t catch up to him?”
 “What a domineering sword Qi. This kid has already caught up to me…” Although Li Daokong was careless just now, it was still very impressive that Han Jue could force him back with a single strike.
 Fang Liang noticed Li Daokong’s right hand and his heart churned.
 How strong is Grandmaster now?
 Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 After the black vortex shrank, Han Jue spent 100 million years of lifespan to ask if anyone had followed him to discover the Hidden Sect Island. The answer was: not for the time being.
 [Li Daokong’s favorability towards you has increased. Current favorability: 5 stars]
 Eh?
 Why did his favorability increase?
 Han Jue was surprised. He thought that Li Daokong was an extremely prideful person and would challenge him endlessly once he lost.

