 The target was naturally Li Daokong.
 The previous Li Daokong of the simulation trial was Li Daokong of the Great Ultimate Hall. He was far inferior to his current self.
 Five minutes later, Han Jue opened his eyes.
 He sighed. “Li Daokong, I’m willing to call you the number one in the Zenith Heaven Realm!”
 This fellow was really strong. Other than his terrifying sword techniques, he also had the protection of a Supreme Treasure.
 If not for the fact that Han Jue had three Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols, he really wouldn’t have been able to kill him.
 Not only was Li Daokong difficult to fight, but he could also hurt Han Jue during the battle. This was different from his previous battles.
 The current Han Jue was unparalleled under a Pseudo-Sage.
 Even a Pseudo-Sage could only fight with him.
 Pseudo-Sage wasn’t a Sage, after all. It was just a word, but there was a huge difference.
 Han Jue continued the simulation trial, wanting to find a way to insta-kill Li Daokong.
 The time needed for the battle was naturally different.
 Everyone had flaws, regardless of cultivation level.
 Several days later.
 Han Jue still couldn’t find a way to insta-kill Li Daokong. It would take at least three minutes.
 Han Jue’s fighting spirit rose. His goal was to insta-kill Li Daokong.
 Li Daokong’s speed of becoming stronger was visible to the naked eye. While Han Jue became stronger, he also became stronger. It could even be said that he became stronger rapidly.
 Han Jue no longer used the simulation trial. Instead, he took out the jade piece that Fang Liang gave him.
 “Could it be a fragment of the Dao Ancestor’s Jade Slip of Creation?”
 Han Jue thought expectantly that this was the return gift from helping Dao Sovereign seek help. His divine sense probed the jade slip, and he felt a powerful restriction blocking him.
 He tried his best, but he couldn’t break through.
 No wonder Dao Sovereign had given it to him. He couldn’t use it.
 Han Jue had to use the derivation function.
 (3 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Three billion years?
 This was equivalent to the value of a Heavenly Dao Sage. Amazing!
 He had to spend it!
 The words in front of Han Jue changed and an introduction appeared.
 [Divine Jade of the Ruins of End: An incomplete Great Dao Supreme Treasure. Legend has it that the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End is formed by the Great Dao. The Dao Ancestor controls the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End and uses the Heavenly Dao to eliminate the Great Dao. This Great Dao will transform into seven pieces of Divine Jade. Obtain one and you can freely travel through the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End without being restricted by the Connate Restrictions. By gathering all seven pieces of the Divine Jade, you can awaken the Great Dao and control the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End.]
 Eh?
 Wasn’t this just a key?
 It was useless now?
 A little disappointed, Han Jue could only put down the Divine Jade of the Ruins of End. He had heard of the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End many times, but he wasn’t very interested.
 To put it bluntly, it was another Immortal World.
 The threshold was extremely high and would definitely be more dangerous.
 If Han Jue cultivated to a Sage and became invincible in the Immortal World, he would definitely stay in the Immortal World and not go to the stronger Deity Realm of the Ruins of End.
 It wasn’t easy for him to cultivate to the highest level in the world. If he went to a higher-level world before he even enjoyed it, wouldn’t he be asking for trouble?
 Every time Han Jue read fantasy novels in the past, the protagonist would change locations all the time. It made him tired.
 How could there be so many choices in life? He should avoid trouble and stop whenever he wanted to.
 Han Jue thought as he cultivated.
 As he got older, he would often recall some trivial matters from his previous life.
 Perhaps it was because he had few experiences in this life. It was boring and not as exciting as a mortal life.
 However, he didn’t regret it. He was even glad that he had taken every step so cautiously.
 Nothing was more important than living!
 Numinous Palace.
 Immortal Gods gathered, and the atmosphere was solemn.
 Fang Liang sat expressionlessly as he scanned everyone in the hall.
 The Heavenly God General broke the silence. “Fuxitian’s Dharma idol is a Pseudo-Sage. If you want to deal with him, you must ask the Sage for help or ask the vice sect masters of the various sects to help.”
 The immortals said,
 “Fuxitian is a Sage. He actually personally took action!”
 “Damn it, he’s a Sage’s Dharma Idol. Even ordinary Pseudo-Sages are not his match!” “Indeed.”
 “Isn’t the Heavenly Court supported by Sages?”.
 “If we want to eliminate the human race, we have to suppress Fuxitian!”
 Fang Liang did not reply.
 He looked at Li Daokong. Li Daokong said calmly, “Junior, go to the Human School and invite Senior to help.”
 Li Xuan’ao frowned. He was dissatisfied, but he still obediently turned around and left.
 Li Daokong kept shouting at him in public. He wasn’t giving him face.
 Why aren’t you inviting him yourself?
 After Li Xuan’ao left, the immortals relaxed.
 Since someone from the Human School had made a move, they didn’t have to die now. “No more attacks are allowed at the front line. Wait for the mighty figures of the Human School to arrive!” Fang Liang said and waved his sleeve.
 The immortals bowed and left.
 were  Soon, only Fang Liang and Li Daokong were left in the hall.
 Fang Liang looked at Li Daokong with a puzzled expression.
 Li Daokong asked, “Where is your Grandmaster? How did you invite him last time?”
 Fang Liang was silent.
 Li Daokong continued, “I have no ill intentions. I just want to spar with him. I have a good impression of him. To be honest, it’s rare for me to be so interested in someone. Wouldn’t it be great if I could become his confidant?”
 Fang Liang cursed silently. Great my ass!
 Do you think I want to curry favor with your Human School?
 Fang Liang smiled helplessly. “I really don’t know. I used a Mystical Power last time. I can only summon the Ancestor and can’t sense him. I can’t control his will even if he comes.”
 Li Daokong frowned.
 He couldn’t forget Han Jue’s strike.
 It was extremely casual but oppressive!
 In the Sword Dao, other than Sages, Li Daokong rarely encountered such an opponent.
 He was very excited because Han Jue wanted to study the Sword Dao again.
 Fang Liang said, “You can visit my Grandmaster after the calamity ends. You should know that my Grandmaster is avoiding the calamity, that’s why he doesn’t dare to interact with you.”
 Li Daokong could only give up. He turned around and left.
 “What kind of existence is Grandmaster? Back then, I wanted to give him a fortuitous encounter, but I was obstructed by the Great Dao of Destiny. Could it be that he can already control his past and future?”
 Fang Liang thought silently.
 After transcending the primordial era several times, he had changed the fate of many mighty figures and even affected Sages, but he couldn’t affect Han Jue. What did this mean?
 Han Jue was at least a Sage, perhaps even stronger.
 Fang Liang couldn’t help but question his Dao heart. Was there really a need for him to take risks like this?
 Would it be better to follow Han Jue?
 If not for Han Jue changing his fate for him, how could he have become the Son of Heaven and Earth and even be chosen by a Sage?
 The more Fang Liang thought about it, the more confused he became.
 He thought of Murong Qi. He wondered who would be stronger the next time he met him.
 Another thirty years passed in Han Jue’s cultivation.
 On this day.
 [Li Muyi wants to visit you in your dreams. Do you accept?]
 Again?
 Han Jue chose to ignore it.
 (Li Muyi wants to visit you in your dreams. Do you accept?]
 Then, the notification popped up crazily. One every minute.
 Han Jue was convinced. Was this old fellow messing around? But then again, if he only accepted the dream, would it expose the Dao Field?
 Han Jue decided to derive it.
 (3 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [The Dao Field is located in the Dark Forbidden Zone. Sages can’t lock onto it. It’s impossible even with the connection of the Dream Entering Mystical Power.]

