 The Dark Forbidden Zone could even isolate Sages!
 Han Jue didn’t immediately accept Li Muyi’s dream.
 Two-star Hatred Points was there. Once Li Muyi asked him for something, if he rejected, the Hatred Points would definitely increase.
 Instead of that, it was better to leave it hanging If he was a Sage, he would only suspect himself and not the other party.
 How could anyone resist the Mystical Power of a Sage?
 Han Jue wasn’t a Sage!
 After thinking it through, he was relieved.
 [Li Muyi wants to visit you in your dreams. Do you accept?]
 (Li Muyi wants to visit you in your dreams. Do you accept?] [Li Muyi wants to visit you in your dreams. Do you accept?]
 …
 Even if Han Jue closed his eyes, he could still see the system notification, so it was very annoying.
 How was this a Sage?
 Too unreasonable! Previously, Nüwa and Dijun did not do it so frequently
 Han Jue could only endure.
 After more than half a year, Li Muyi finally gave up. Han Jue cursed him in his heart.
 This Sage didn’t act like a Sage. What did the founder of the Human School teach him? “I want to know, why is Li Mu looking for me?” Han Jue asked in his heart.
 (4 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Let’s check, just in case.
 Han Jue’s consciousness entered the illusion.
 He came to the Sage’s palace. The Sage’s Dao Field had a characteristic, which was that it was huge. The hall was endless and seemed to be a world of its own.
 es wer
 n was
 Three figures were gathered. One of them was Li Muyi.
 The other two figures were also sage-like and unfathomable.
 Han Jue felt that these Sages looked similar. They all wore Daoist robes and had bright hair. Their temperament was otherworldly.
 One of them was the Sect Master of the Chan School, the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate.
 Han Jue remembered him as Great Nine Heavens’ backer.
 South Extreme Heavenly Venerate said, “Fuxitian personally entered the calamity. This is already a very strong signal. I suspect that Fuxi and Nüwa have already colluded with the one from the Western Buddhist Sect. I’ve already been suppressed by three Sages, but I’m not sure who attacked.”
 Li Muyi frowned and asked, “They’re all Sages. Why don’t you know their identities?”
 South Extreme Heavenly Venerate said coldly, “Their bodies are wrapped in Chaotic Qi that hides their fate.”
 The third Sage, who had not spoken yet, said slowly, “Prepare for battle. The three schools of the Dao Sect should also join forces. Someone is clearly behind this calamity. They want to overturn the three schools of the Dao Sect and even overturn the Dao Ancestor’s providence.”
 South Extreme Heavenly Venerate snorted. “The Chan School, the Jie School, and the Human School were all created by the personal disciples of the Dao Ancestor. These Sages really plan to destroy the Dao Ancestor? He has only disappeared for a few calamities, but they want to overturn his lineage? Dream on!”
 The three sect masters began to discuss countermeasures.
 Han Jue listened from the side. Many unknown names were involved. He didn’t understand them. Anyway, they were all schemes.
 Li Muyi talked about Han Jue.
 “The other Sages also want to form a good relationship with this variable. We have to act quickly. Senior Brother Li, your disciple has the most karma with him. Contact him again,” the Sect Master of the Jie School said.
 Li Muyi nodded, but his expression was not good.
 South Extreme Heavenly Venerate asked curiously, “Could this variable be hiding in the Dark Forbidden Zone?”
 The Sect Master of the Jie School said, “That should be the case. It’s not that easy to contact
 him.”
 The scene shattered.
 Han Jue’s consciousness returned to reality. He looked worried.
 They all wanted to rope him in? This was not good!
 No matter who Han Jue chose, he would definitely offend all the other Heavenly Dao Sages. It was all the Dao Ancestor’s fault!
 What variable was he!
 I’m just an ordinary Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal. How can I reverse the Immeasurable Calamity by myself?
 Han Jue laughed at himself.
 At most, I curse the enemy behind his back.
 After understanding the reason, Han Jue stopped thinking and focused on cultivating.
 Time passed quickly. Life was like a dream. Twenty-six years passed.
 On this day, Han Jue received Li Muyi’s dream again.
 He ignored it.
 After three months, Li Muyi finally gave up.
 When Han Jue thought that he could relax, South Extreme Heavenly Venerate tried to visit him in his dreams.
 Han Jue also ignored him.
 A month later.
 Another Sage sent him a dream.
 (Sect Master Tian Jue sent you a dream. Do you accept it?]
 Han Jue ignored the message and then spent three billion years to understand this fellow’s background.
 (Sect Master Tian Jue: Cultivation unknown. Heavenly Dao Sage, Sect Master of the Jie School, Immeasurable Emperor. Because he wants to establish good karma with you, he wishes to visit you in your dreams.]
 Sect Master of the Jie School!
 Han Jue smiled bitterly.
 He would definitely offend some Sages in the future.
 Currently, the known Heavenly Dao Sages were the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate, Sect Master Tian Jue, Nüwa, and Fuxitian.
 Li Muyi wasn’t a Heavenly Dao Sage, but he wanted to stir up trouble. There was something wrong with him.
 Han Jue wanted to see which other Sages would try to visit him in his dreams.
 Three years later.
 (Qiu Xilai wants to visit you in your dreams. Do you accept?) Again!
 Han Jue spent another three billion years deriving his identity.
 (Qiu Xilai: Cultivation unknown. Heavenly Dao Sage, Sect Master of the Western Buddhist Sect, Immeasurable Emperor. Because he wants to build a good relationship with you, he wishes to visit you in your dreams.)
 Sect Master of the Buddhist Sect?
 Han Jue was secretly nervous. He had killed a Buddha and naturally didn’t dare to have anything to do with the Buddhist Sect.
 Something that made him speechless happened. Qiu Xilai was even more annoying than Li Muyi. In just a day, he sent a dream more than ten thousand times.
 Han Jue almost exploded.
 Was this fellow insane?
 So annoying! In the next few days, Qiu Xilai became even more exaggerated. The news notifications dazzled Han Jue. He even wanted to take out the Book of Misfortune and curse him.
 If not for the difference in cultivation, Han Jue would definitely have killed him.
 Sometimes, killing intent came very suddenly.
 When Qiu Xilai stopped trying to visit his dreams, Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 What was wrong with these Sages?
 Could it be that they wanted to fight?
 Already five Heavenly Dao Sages couldn’t hold back. It was unknown who the remaining four were.
 Another ten years passed.
 Han Jue checked his emails while cultivating.
 (Your good friend Zhou Fan has obtained the inheritance of the Primordial Devil Ancestor. His providence has increased greatly.]
 [Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by human cultivators] X3228
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor has devoured negative karma and his cultivation has increased greatly.]
 (Your grand-disciple Long Hao was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure and was severely injured.)
 (Your good friend Dao Sovereign was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian has cursed too many people and obtained a huge amount of Heavenly Dao negative karma.]
 (Your good friend Jing Tiangong was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your good friend Jiang Dugu was attacked by a Heavenly Court Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal] x7
 Zhou Fan was really Zhou Fan. He had escaped death and obtained an opportunity. Han Jue noticed Huang Zuntian’s situation. Was this fellow also cursing someone?
 How tragic. Without a Supreme Treasure, how can you curse people?
 It had been a while since he told Huang Zuntian to be a spy. Should he contact him?
 This fellow was already an Immortal Emperor and had even become the vice sect master of the Jie School. He was even more ferocious than some of Han Jue’s disciples.
 Most importantly, Huang Zuntian’s favorability towards him did not decrease. He would wait a little longer.
 Recently, the Sages had come down. Perhaps Huang Zuntian was being watched by them.
 Han Jue suspected that the reason why Huang Zuntian was so recognized by the Jie School was probably related to him.
 The Jie School’s Sage wanted to rope him in, to begin with. It was impossible for him to not notice that he had karma with Huang Zuntian. There were only so many people involved with Han Jue’s karma. It was no coincidence that everyone who went out was doing well!

