 For a time, the Chaotic Domain fell silent.
 Zhao Xuanyuan was uneasy.
 After a long while…
 Han Jue said, “Forget it. My temple is small and can’t accommodate a great Buddha like you. I don’t want to worry about you in the future after establishing a relationship with you. My disciples have to cultivate diligently and stay away from the mortal world. If they want to pursue the Dao, they are no different from a monk.”
 Coming to a realization, Zhao Xuanyuan said, “Don’t worry, I don’t like women and like fighting.”
 Don’t like fighting?
 Han Jue almost believed it.
 Zhao Xuanyuan gritted his teeth and said, “Senior, give me a chance. I really…”
 He began to beg Han Jue non-stop with a humble attitude.
 “I want to know, is Zhao Xuanyuan plotting something, or is a Sage involved?” Han Jue thought silently.
 (100 million years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Was Zhao Xuanyuan worthy of a hundred million?
 Could there really be a conspiracy?
 Continue!
 (There is no conspiracy or plot by a Sage. He is sincere.]
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief. It was fine as long as no Sages were involved.
 Upon careful thought, it made sense. He had never met Zhao Xuanyuan before, and there was no karma between them. How could a Sage deduce that?
 Han Jue was also very hesitant.
 This fellow didn’t even have a favorable impression of him. How could he accept this
 guy?
 Han Jue even suspected that Zhao Xuanyuan was a puppet. How could he not have emotions?
 Zhao Xuanyuan asked anxiously, “Senior, do you have any other concerns?”
 Han Jue asked, “Don’t you have emotions?”
 Zhao Xuanyuan was stunned.
 What do you mean?
 Zhao Xuanyuan was confused, but he replied honestly, “My Dao Heart is like water. I have lost the emotions and desires of mortals since I was young. Other than feeling nervousness and helplessness towards experts, I don’t even get angry.”
 What?
 Thinking of something, Zhao Xuanyuan said, “If Senior is willing to accept me, I will follow your lead. If I attain the Great Dao, I will also return to help you.” [Zhao Xuanyuan has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 6 stars] Han Jue was stunned when he saw the line of words.
 Six-star directly?
 This kid is mental!
 Han Jue felt that Zhao Xuanyuan’s potential was not bad.
 “Alright, I’ll teach you a Mystical Power. After you learn it, summon me. I’ll fetch you.”
 Han Jue taught Zhao Xuanyuan the Invocation Technique.
 Ever since there was a world of stars, Han Jue could use the Invocation Technique to move people. He wasn’t worried that Zhao Xuanyuan would leak the Invocation Technique. It was useless even if it was revealed. After using the Invocation Technique, if he did not agree, no one would be able to summon him.
 Zhao Xuanyuan’s potential was indeed impressive. He quickly grasped the Invocation Technique.
 “Summon me when you’re ready.”
 Han Jue left after saying this.
 Zhao Xuanyuan was stunned.
 What a powerful Mystical Power!
 This senior was a senior, indeed!
 He began to look forward to their next meeting
 After returning to the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue continued cultivating.
 Several days later.
 Zhao Xuanyuan used the Invocation Technique.
 Han Jue cautiously used the derivation function and asked if there were any Pseudo-Sage or stronger existences near Zhao Xuanyuan. He consumed 100 million years of his lifespan.
 [Yes]
 Yes?
 Then, I can’t go!
 Han Jue couldn’t be bothered to care about anyone.
 As long as there was danger, there was no need for him to interfere.
 For the next period of time, Zhao Xuanyuan used the Invocation Technique from time to time. Han Jue didn’t spend 100 million years of his lifespan to ask every time.
 Seven years later.
 Zhao Xuanyuan used the Invocation Technique again. This time, Han Jue used another hundred million years of his lifespan to derive it.
 (No]
 Seeing this word, Han Jue was finally relieved and stepped into the black vortex.
 Immediately after, he arrived at a bright palace. Zhao Xuanyuan was sitting in front of the black vortex.
 Seeing Han Jue appear, Zhao Xuanyuan was pleasantly surprised.
 He thought he had failed again.
 Zhao Xuanyuan stood up and said excitedly, “Senior…”
 What a handsome man!
 Zhao Xuanyuan originally thought that he was already the most handsome man in the world, but in front of Han Jue, he couldn’t help but feel ashamed.
 “Let’s go first!”
 Han Jue waved his hand and put Zhao Xuanyuan into his sleeve. He then moved into the world of stars and flew into the black vortex.
 The black vortex shrank and quickly vanished.
 At this moment, a figure appeared in the hall.
 This person wore a black and white robe. He had a dignified expression, and his eyes emitted a faint blue light. He was extremely magical.
 “Oh? He left so quickly?”
 The robed man pinched his fingers to deduce, but he couldn’t deduce Zhao Xuanyuan’s whereabouts.
 “Could it be that they jumped into the Dark Forbidden Zone instantly?”
 “This variable is indeed not simple.”
 Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 Han Jue let Zhao Xuanyuan out. Still immersed in the shock of the world of stars, when he landed in front of Han Jue, Zhao Xuanyuan jolted awake.
 He hurriedly knelt in front of him as a greeting.
 Han Jue said, “Seven years ago, I sensed your summoning. It’s just that you had a Pseudo-Sage or even stronger existence by your side.”
 Zhao Xuanyuan was stunned. He frowned and said, “I only told my master that I wanted to go out…”
 A Pseudo-Sage of the Human Race…
 Could it be…
 Zhao Xuanyuan realized something.
 Zhao Xuanyuan hurriedly followed him.
 He also sized up this Connate Cave Abode. His gaze was attracted by the Resurrection Lily in the corner.
 “Isn’t this the Resurrection Lily of the netherworld? Senior actually planted it…”
 A storm brewed in Zhao Xuanyuan’s heart. Not only that, but he could feel that the Spirit Qi and Connate Qi here were extremely dense. Even denser than on the cultivation holy land of the humans.
 After walking out of the cave abode, all the disciples cultivating under the Fusang Tree turned their heads.
 They didn’t sense Han Jue’s aura, but Zhao Xuanyuan’s. “From today onwards, this is my sixth disciple. Get to know each other,” Han Jue said.
 With that, he turned around and returned to his cave abode.
 Everyone surrounded him.
 Jiang Yi asked in surprise, “Zhao Xuanyuan! Why are you here?”
 Zhao Xuanyuan narrowed his eyes and asked curiously, “Are you Jiang Yi of the Golden Crow Divine Clan?”
 The two of them were both geniuses, but the difference in cultivation was huge. Zhao Xuanyuan was already at the Three Mystic Divine Origin and could be considered Jiang Yi’s senior.
 Jiang Yi sighed. “You’ve already stepped into the Deity Realm and still acknowledge Sima Yi as your master. Does the Human Race know about this?”
 The Black Hell Chicken couldn’t help but ask, “Why are you still calling Master Sima Yi?” “None of your business!”
 Zhao Xuanyuan began to observe the others.
 Before long…
 Xing Hongxuan also walked out of the cave abode to watch the commotion.
 She was stunned when she saw Zhao Xuanyuan.
 Isn’t this the number one prodigy of the Human Race?
 How did Han Jue poach him?
 The next day.
 Han Jue opened the authority of the simulation trial for Zhao Xuanyuan. He was stunned by the simulation trial. Like the other disciples, he quickly became obsessed and couldn’t extricate himself.
 Zhao Xuanyuan tried to challenge Han Jue. In the simulation trial, Han Jue’s cultivation had been updated to his current state. Without any surprise, Zhao Xuanyuan was killed by a punch from Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial.
 Zhao Xuanyuan wasn’t affected. Instead, he was very excited.
 He had made the right decision!
 Han Jue was indeed ridiculously strong!
 Zhao Xuanyuan had never heard of a Mystical Power like the simulation trial.
 After interacting with the other disciples for a period of time, he understood the rules of the Hidden Sect and looked forward to it even more.
 If he stayed here, when the calamity ended, he would definitely become a Zenith Heaven cultivator!

