 Connate Cave Abode.
 Han Jue was still cultivating. He didn’t know that the Sages were suspecting each other because he had comprehended the Dao Destruction Mystical Power.
 There was only cultivation in his eyes.
 He had even forgotten about Life of All. This Mystical Power was inconsistent with his Dao heart. He almost had no chance to use it. It was fine to learn it, but there was no need to think about it further.
 On this day.
 Since Han Jue had nothing to do, he started to read the emails.
 (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor has devoured negative karma and his cultivation has increased greatly.] (Your good friend Heavenly Emperor was cursed by a mysterious curse.]
 (Your disciple Su Qi has broken through the Heavenly Dao shackles and entered the Immortal World.)
 (Your good friend Ji Xianshen was attacked by human cultivators] X450021
 [Your disciple Long Hao was attacked by your good friend Zhou Fan and was severely injured.]
 [Your good friend Zhou Fan was attacked by your good friend Long Hao and was severely injured.)
 (Your good friend Li Daokong was attacked by a Heavenly Dao Sage and was severely injured.]
 (Your good friend Duan Hongchen received a dream from a Sage. His cultivation has increased greatly.]
 Heavenly Dao Sage!
 Apart from Li Daokong, many of the Heavenly Court’s good friends were attacked by Sages. All of them were severely injured, but no one died.
 Han Jue was suddenly worried about the Heavenly Emperor.
 The Heavenly Emperor was surrounded by negative karma. If he was attacked by a Sage, he would definitely die.
 As for Su Qi, why did this kid return to the Immortal World? He wanted to leave during peace, but when it was chaotic, he insisted on returning.
 In conclusion, he was courting death!
 If a Sage took action, the calamity shouldn’t last long
 (Qiu Xilai wants to visit you in your dreams. Do you accept?]
 A notification suddenly appeared in front of Han Jue.
 Damn!
 Again?
 Do you want to eat shit?
 Han Jue cursed in his heart and could only ignore the request.
 However, this dog kept sending dreams.
 Soon, a year passed.
 He was still sending dreams!
 This fellow had already sent it millions of times!
 He was insane!
 “Can you block him?” Han Jue couldn’t take it anymore and asked in his mind.
 [Not for the time being. Karma must be shown.)
 Han Jue wanted to vomit blood.
 The system was so advanced, but it couldn’t even do this.
 Holy shit!
 Damn it!
 You win!
 I accept it!
 I want to see what you have to say!
 Han Jue thought silently. He seriously suspected that Qiu Xilai would never stop sending dreams until the end of time.
 “I want to know, will I face danger if I accept the dream?” Han Jue asked in his heart.
 (4 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Not for the time being. The Dao Field is isolated from the Dark Forbidden Zone. The other party can only communicate. The system can help you leave the dream realm at any time.)
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows and immediately accepted the dream.
 Soon, he entered the dream realm.
 This was a dazzling temple hall. In front of him was a majestic and imposing ten thousand foot tall Buddha.
 Qiu Xilai!
 It looked like a golden Buddha statue, not a living being.
 Han Jue suppressed his anger and looked at him, pretending to be confused.
 [Qiu Xilai has a favorable impression of you. Current favorability: 1 star.]
 Eh?
 Not bad!
 When Han Jue saw the favorability, his anger decreased by more than half.
 The reason why it did not decrease completely was that he only had 1 star of favorability.
 Han Jue didn’t speak first and waited for Qiu Xilai to speak.
 After a while.
 Qiu Xilai finally said slowly, “Han Jue.”
 Han Jue looked at the Buddha statue in shock.
 “Stop pretending. You’ve already discovered
 me.”
 “Cough cough… I wonder if you are…”
 Han Jue asked awkwardly, also thinking about his intentions.
 Qiu Xilai said, “The Immeasurable Calamity has begun. Someone wants to destroy all living beings. All living beings are in trouble. You are the variable of the Heavenly Dao that the Dao Ancestor has determined. I came to you because I hope that you can become a savior. If you agree, I will quickly raise you to the Pseudo-Sage Realm and impart you a Supreme Treasure.”
 Han Jue frowned and said, “I don’t want to be a savior. I just want to cultivate well.”
 “You’re in the Dark Forbidden Zone?”
 “Mm.”
 In any case, Sages couldn’t spy on the Dark Forbidden Zone. Han Jue wasn’t afraid of being exposed.
 Qiu Xilai said, “If you succeed in saving the world, you can obtain immeasurable merit and even a chance to attain the Dao. You can become a Heavenly Dao Sage and surpass all living beings. You will no longer be troubled by the Immeasurable Calamity. Otherwise, even if you survive this Immeasurable Calamity, when the next one comes, will you continue to hide? “One day, the Dark Forbidden Zone will no longer be a safe place for you. The longer you stay in it, the more the Inauspicious Evil will affect you. In the future, it will be difficult for you to return. The Heavenly Dao will resist
 you.”
 Han Jue said, “Senior, give me some time to think. This is very important.” Qiu Xilai said, “Alright. In addition, if the Human Race’s Sage, Fuxitian, looks for you, ignore him. He’s preparing to clean up all living beings. Don’t be used by him.” “Alright!”
 Qiu Xilai raised his hand and the dream shattered.
 Han Jue’s consciousness returned to the cave abode.
 He cursed. “Dream on if you want me to be a savior!”
 He had thought that Qiu Xilai had something urgent to tell him, but it was just pointless talk.
 In the future, no matter how he begged Han Jue to come by disturbing him, he would no longer accept dreams from this guy.
 Han Jue shook his head and continued cultivating
 Five years later.
 Another person sent him a dream.
 This time, it wasn’t a Heavenly Dao Sage, but the Heavenly Emperor.
 Han Jue naturally agreed to the Heavenly Emperor’s dream.
 He wondered how the Heavenly Emperor was doing.
 After returning to this forest, Han Jue sighed. He felt that things had changed.
 What a nostalgic Heavenly Emperor.
 Han Jue saw the Heavenly Emperor. He was dressed in a black robe, and there was a murderous aura between his brows. He looked like a demon and no longer had the sacred prestige of the past.
 The Heavenly Emperor sized him up and smiled. “I can’t even see through you anymore. It seems that your cultivation level is becoming stronger. What’s your cultivation level now? Have you reached the Six Mystic Divine Origin Realm?”
 Han Jue smiled bitterly. “Your Majesty, you really think highly of me. How can I cultivate so fast?”
 The Heavenly Emperor chuckled. “That’s true.”
 “How have you been, Your Majesty?”
 “The Heavenly Dao is chasing me away. Recently, there have been rumors in the Immortal World that a Sage is about to destroy the world. I’m here to remind you not to return to the Immortal World, lest you encounter any mishaps.”
 “Thank you for your reminder, Your Majesty. I definitely won’t return. What about you? Aren’t you going to withdraw?”.
 “I can’t retreat. I’m surrounded by negative karma. Once I leave, I’ll be found by the Inauspicious Evil of the Dark Forbidden Zone. My outcome will be even worse. I can only continue fighting.”
 Han Jue frowned. He didn’t know what to say.
 Any consolation was meaningless. He couldn’t directly help the Heavenly Emperor.
 The Heavenly Emperor continued, “This calamity has been pushed by a Sage. I’m afraid it will end soon. Help me contact the Dark Forbidden Lord.”
 Stunned, Han Jue asked in surprise, “How can I contact the Dark Forbidden Lord?”
 The Heavenly Emperor walked forward and asked with a faint smile, “Are you really not related to the Dark Forbidden Lord?”
 It was very difficult for him to believe that Han Jue was the Dark Forbidden Lord, but he was definitely related to him.
 If that wasn’t the case, why would the Dark Forbidden Lord help him?
 He couldn’t think of any other reason.
 “I really don’t know him. Should I ask Fang Liang?” Han Jue smiled bitterly.
 “Really?”
 “If I lie to His Majesty, I will never become a Heavenly Dao Sage!”

