 Han Jue said seriously, “I know. I’m telling the truth.”
 I don’t want to become a Heavenly Dao Sage, anyway!
 I want to surpass the Heavenly Dao and become a free and unrestrained Sage!
 The Heavenly Emperor was secretly puzzled.
 Am I thinking too much?
 He understood Han Jue’s personality. This kid only had the goal of cultivating. How could he destroy his own future?
 Could it be that Han Jue was really unrelated to the Dark Forbidden Lord?
 The Heavenly Emperor’s suspicions towards Han Jue vanished.
 If the Dark Forbidden Lord had nothing to do with Han Jue, he must be targeting him instead!
 The Heavenly Emperor reminded him, “Then, you have to be careful of the Dark Forbidden Lord. This person’s background is mysterious and his intentions are difficult to guess.”
 Han Jue said, “I understand. I’ve also heard of his deeds. Could he be… arranged by a Sage?”
 The Heavenly Emperor shook his head. “It’s unfathomable. Don’t trust any Sage. I’m already a thorn in the eyes of the Sages. If not for the fact that I belong to the True Dragon Race and the Dao Ancestor’s lineage, I’m afraid the Sages would have long attacked me.”
 Han Jue nodded.
 The two of them continued to chat. The Heavenly Emperor recounted his recent experiences. He didn’t hide anything and recounted his situation.
 Han Jue felt heartache. The Heavenly Emperor was once the high-spirited master of the Heavenly Court, the emperor of the immortal gods. He was high and mighty. In just a short calamity, the Heavenly Emperor had been treated like a street rat. The Heavenly Emperor was still fine. Looking at the Demon Emperor, the Heavenly Dao Buddha, Zu Tu, Jade Emperor Zhou Yan, and the others, all of them had perished. It was a pity.
 Han Jue had a deeper understanding of the term Immeasurable Calamity.
 As long as he wanted to fight, he had to enter the calamity.
 Entering the calamity, fortune and misfortune were unknown. With good fortune, he would soar into the sky and live as long as the world.
 If there was trouble, both body and soul would be destroyed, never to rise again.
 The Heavenly Emperor looked at him and said with a burning gaze, “Han Jue, I’ve done everything I can for you. I don’t ask you to repay me. I only want you to return this favor to the Heavenly Court. If the next calamity descends and the Heavenly Court faces the danger of extinction, I hope you can help save it.”
 Han Jue asked, “What if the Heavenly Court can’t survive this calamity?”.
 The Heavenly Emperor shook his head. “No, I have an agreement with the Sages. Regardless of success or failure, the Heavenly Court will be preserved at least after this calamity.”
 Han Jue replied, “Alright, I promise you. If I have the ability, I will definitely help.”
 Before the next calamity, Han Jue might have already successfully attained the Dao. It shouldn’t be difficult for him to protect the Heavenly Court.
 Of course, if he really couldn’t keep it, there was nothing he could do. “My Dao Field can isolate the Inauspicious Evil. Are you willing to come?” Han Jue asked.
 The Heavenly Emperor shook his head. “I won’t trouble you anymore. I have to fight and can’t stop. Thank you for your kind intentions. I didn’t treat you so well in vain.”
 Han Jue asked, “Then, your children…”
 “Ignore them. Everyone has their own fate. I have long chosen their own backing. Even if Heavenly Court falls, they will be safe.”
 “Fine.”
 The two of them chatted for a while more.
 After ending the dream, Han Jue realized that he had returned to reality.
 He didn’t calculate the Heavenly Emperor’s future. Now that the Sages controlled the lives of all living beings in the world, Han Jue couldn’t curse the Sages, right?
 Not only would it be useless on the Sages, but it would also attract their attention.
 It wasn’t impossible for Sages to find the person who had cursed them.
 Han Jue suddenly thought of his forgotten subordinates, Xue Minghe and Jing Tiangong.
 It was time to find them.
 Han Jue decided to pull the two of them into the dream realm and let them meet. However, before that, he still had to deduce it to prevent any mighty figures around them.
 Using up a billion years of his lifespan, Han Jue was relieved after confirming that there were no mighty figures around the two of them.
 no
 res ar  n
 .
 Dark Nightmare, activate!
 Han Jue pulled the two of them into a dark cave. This scene was very suitable for the atmosphere of the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 Xue Minghe and Jing Tiangong hurriedly knelt down and bowed when they saw the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 They were very excited. The Dark Forbidden Lord was finally looking for them!
 Xue Minghe was the first to ask, “Forbidden Lord, the calamity is clear. The humans and the Heavenly Court will definitely decide the winner. Are we still supporting the Heavenly Court?”
 Jing Tiangong also stared at him. Han Jue asked, “Do you have your own motives?”
 Xue Minghe and Jing Tiangong looked at each other. They had long been in the dark. They were both followers of the Dark Forbidden Lord and would naturally help each other.
 The Jie School and the Darkness Sect’s alliance made both sides benefit greatly.
 Xue Minghe said, “Since a Sage entered the calamity, we only want to protect ourselves.”
 Jing Tiangong nodded.
 They all supported the Heavenly Court and had fought with the humans. Facing Fuxitian’s powerful strength, their ambitions had been crushed. They only wanted to protect themselves.
 Han Jue said, “If you want to protect yourselves, it’s up to you. Don’t be controlled by the killing intent.”
 Xue Minghe frowned.
 Jing Tiangong asked, “Forbidden Lord, when will you appear? Do you have a way to deal with Sages?”
 Xue Minghe nodded.
 They were all looking forward to Han Jue’s move.
 They believed that the Dark Forbidden Lord was definitely a Sage!
 At the very least, even Sages couldn’t find him. Han Jue’s heart raced.
 Show myself?
 What are you thinking?
 I don’t want to enter the calamity!
 Xue Minghe and Jing Tiangong immediately became excited.
 Although the Dark Forbidden Lord was promising a bright future, he had summoned the two of them at the same time. It was obvious that he wanted to say something.
 When the darkness shrouds the heavens!
 Just the thought alone made them excited. The Dark Forbidden Lord was ambitious!
 Jing Tiangong asked, “Then, should we follow the Heavenly Court now?”
 The two of them nodded. They had also seen this sign.
 Han Jue didn’t say anything else and ended the dream.
 Inside the Connate Cave Abode.
 After all, the two of them worshiped him because they wanted to fight for providence.
 “Continue cultivating and break through to the late-stage.”
 Han Jue perked up and thought silently.
 Time passed. The Dark Forbidden Zone was forever silent.
 About thirty-seven years passed.
 Boom!
 Hidden Sect Island shook violently.
 Han Jue opened his eyes and thought that the Inauspicious Evil was attacking again. Immediately after, he suddenly felt a terrifying pressure facing his soul.
 Before this pressure, even he, a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, instinctively felt fear.
 It wasn’t the Inauspicious Evil!
 Han Jue subconsciously checked the surrounding enemies.
 [Fuxitian: Cultivation unknown, Heavenly Dao Sage, Human Race Emperor]
 (South Extreme Heavenly Venerate: Cultivation unknown, Heavenly Dao Sage, Sect Master of the Chan School]
 The Sages were fighting?
 Almost frightened to death, Han Jue hurriedly controlled the Hidden Sect Island to leave this place.

