 He had never heard of it before. Could it be a Sage?
 Han Jue’s heart trembled.
 He immediately used the derivation function to ask.
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Fang Huangjun: Cultivation unknown, Clan Leader of the Fang Clan]
 Eh?
 Fang Clan?
 Han Jue first thought of Fang Liang. They were both surnamed Fang. Could it be that Fang Liang was from the Fang Clan?
 However, Fang Liang’s background did not mention the Fang Clan.
 Han Jue continued to ask, “What’s Fang Liang’s relationship with the Fang Clan?”
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Fang Liang is the Fang Clan’s ancestor.] Ancestor!
 So awesome? Han Jue suddenly thought of how Fang Liang had transmigrated many times. gone back to create a clan.
 He really knew how to play.
 Han Jue was secretly shocked that the Fang Clan actually had a Pseudo-Sage.
 The Immortal World was truly filled with hidden talents.
 It was mainly because the Immortal World was too big and he could only observe through emails, so he still could not understand the entire situation.
 Since he was Fang Liang’s descendant, he could contact him.
 Han Jue took out the Heavenly Dao Token and contacted Fang Huangjun again.
 Soon, the divine sense connection was successful.
 Fang Huangjun asked, “Yes?”.
 Han Jue said, “Something happened just now. Is Heavenly Emperor Fang there?” “He’s not here. You’re his grandmaster, right? He said that you can look for me if you need anything.”
 Han Jue told him about Dao Sovereign and Zhou Fan’s request.
 Fang Huangjun replied, “I’ll tell Heavenly Emperor Fang.”
 “Mm.”
 The two of them fell silent.
 Han Jue was about to sever the divine sense connection when Fang Huangjun suddenly asked, “May I know who you are? I’m Fang Huangjun, the leader of the Fang Clan in the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End. We also have a branch family in the Immortal World.”
 Deity Realm of the Ruins of End…
 No wonder he had never heard of them.
 Han Jue said, “Eastern Wu Divine World, Sun Quan.” “Eastern Wu Divine World? Why haven’t I heard of it?”
 “There is always something you don’t know. Do you dare to say that you understand all the worlds?”
 “True.”
 Fang Huangjun fell into deep thought.
 Han Jue didn’t say anything else and severed his divine sense connection.
 “Good kid, I didn’t expect him to be so generous. But won’t he attract the attention of the Sages by doing this?” Han Jue frowned and thought.
 How could a Sage agree to casually travel through time and create his own force?
 Sages knew the past and the future. Transcending time and space was like child’s play in their eyes.
 Wait.
 Could it be that the Dao Ancestor was secretly helping Fang Liang?
 It was very likely!
 After all, the Dao Ancestor had already chosen Fang Liang as his successor.
 It seemed that Han Jue didn’t have to worry about Fang Liang. This kid was tough. “Even Fang Liang knows how to set up schemes. Looks like I have to pay more attention.”
 Han Jue thought silently. The path of the Great Dao was not something that he could do as he pleased just because his cultivation was strong enough. After Dao Sovereign was saved and joined Hidden Sect Island, the lineup of geniuses would be very magnificent.
 The number one prodigy of the Golden Crow Divine Clan!
 The strongest Son of Heaven and Earth!
 The strongest prodigy of the Divine Palace!
 The number one prodigy of the Human Race!
 Buddhist Sect’s Buddha!
 The hope of the Magus Race?
 Wait!
 When these disciples grew up, they would definitely be experts in the future with world-shattering might.
 What Han Jue wanted to do was to keep his cultivation ahead of theirs and control them.
 After thinking about it, Han Jue continued to cultivate.
 He had to break through to the late-stage of the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm first!
 Thirty years passed.
 Han Jue was finally close to the late-stage Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm and had a chance to break through. He was in a good mood. Indeed, breaking through was the happiest thing.
 He checked his emails as he cultivated.
 There were battles everywhere!
 He suddenly saw an email.
 (Your good friend Qiu Xilai was attacked by a Heavenly Dao Sage] X3
 Surrounded?
 How tragic!
 He continued reading and saw another email.
 [Your disciple Su Qi has obtained the inheritance of a Sage and has learned the Dao Destruction Mystical Power. He has alerted the Heavenly Dao.)
 Eh?
 Dao Destruction Mystical Power!
 The Sage here didn’t mention Qiu Xilai, so it could only be Sage Fated Secrets.
 How ruthless!
 This old thing wanted to use Su Qi to slaughter all living beings!
 At the mention of Su Qi, Han Jue suddenly thought of something. Previously, a Sage wanted to use Su Qi to approach him.
 Sage Jinlan!
 This person seems to be a Golden Immortal of the Jie School?
 Wait!
 There were two Heavenly Dao Sages in the Jie School?
 Han Jue immediately recalled the information about the Sage Jin’an.
 (Jin’an: Cultivation unknown. Heavenly Dao Sage, Immeasurable Emperor, one of the Golden Immortals of the Jie School. Because he deduced that Su Qi has karma with you, he especially led him to wander around the Dark Forbidden Zone, wanting to bump into you.)
 That’s right, he was a Heavenly Dao Sage!
 In other words, seven Heavenly Dao Sages had appeared already.
 Nüwa, Fuxitian, South Extreme Heavenly Venerate, Qiu Xilai, Sect Master Tian Jue, Sage Fated Secrets, and Sage Jin’an!
 There were two unknowns left.
 Could Sage Fated Secrets have some secret dealings with the Jie School?
 No!
 Han Jue couldn’t tolerate others using his disciple.
 Su Qi’s fate was full of trouble. He helped Han Jue eliminate many enemies and rarely troubled him. Han Jue’s heart ached for such a disciple.
 “I want to know why Sage Fated Secrets taught Su Qi the Dao Destruction Mystical Power.”
 Han Jue asked in his mind.
 (4 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue!
 Han Jue’s consciousness entered the illusion.
 It was a dark void. Two figures were gathered here. Han Jue couldn’t see their true appearance.
 One of them said, “Fated Secrets, have you chosen?”
 Sage Fated Secrets replied, “Not for the time being. Karma is complicated in the calamity. It’s not easy to make a move.”
 “I have one here. He doesn’t have a powerful background. He was originally a disciple of the Jie School and later joined the Heavenly Court as a jinx. Now, he has severed karma with the Heavenly Court and the Jie School. He’s also related to the variable that the Dao Ancestor has determined. He can take on this great responsibility.”
 “Will this offend the variable?”
 “That person has always been in seclusion. How can he know our plan? I guess he doesn’t think highly of the jinx. Even if the jinx dies, he won’t care.”
 “Bring me to see him. If it’s suitable, he will destroy the world.”
 “Mm.”
 The illusion shattered.
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 It was indeed a conspiracy. He knew that Su Qi was related to him and even wanted to harm him.
 How could Han Jue tolerate this?
 Should he visit Su Qi in his dreams to wake him up?
 No, this would alert the enemy. “Will I be discovered if I curse the Heavenly Dao Sage with the Book of Misfortune?” Han Jue asked in his mind.
 [No, the Book of Misfortune is not affected by karma. The Dao Field isolates Heavenly Dao-level divine sense.] This was not the first time Han Jue asked this. He was mainly cheering himself on.
 Han Jue suppressed the Strange Deity in the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus and took out the Book of Misfortune to curse Sage Fated Secrets.
 He didn’t want to cause harm, only fear.
 In a Daoist temple, a huge candlelight flickered and shone on Sage Fated Secrets. His figure looked so tiny.
 Sage Fated Secrets wore a dark green Daoist robe. His hair was black and white and he had a calm expression.
 Suddenly, he opened his eyes and pinched his fingers to deduce.
 He smiled.
 “There’s actually someone who dares to curse a Sage. I can’t deduce it. It must be the work of another Sage,” Sage Fated Secrets muttered to himself as his eyes flickered.

