 How many years had it been!
 He could finally curse an enemy again!
 Han Jue almost forgot how it felt to curse someone.
 As usual, he would curse once every ten years!
 “He’s probably still guessing who cursed him. He might even guess that it’s another Sage.”
 Han Jue thought silently.
 Although it was sinister to do this behind his back, it was really satisfying.
 Han Jue could only pray that Su Qi would survive this.
 Once Su Qi used the Dao Destruction Mystical Power, he would definitely die.
 The Sages would definitely not let him go. As for whether the Sage Fated Secrets would protect him, that was difficult to say.
 He continued to cultivate.
 In the Numinous Palace, Fang Liang sat on the Emperor’s throne. Li Daokong, Li Xuan’ao, Huang Jihao, and the others stood in the hall.
 One of the domineering men asked, “Your Majesty, why isn’t the Sage here yet?”
 This person was Fang Huangjun, the leader of the Fang Clan.
 Li Xuan’ao snorted. “He’s a Sage. He definitely has to put on airs.”
 Huang Jihao broke out in cold sweat. These Sages disciples were truly daring. How could they dare to talk about the Sages like this?
 Fang Liang’s expression did not change as he continued waiting in silence.
 Five minutes later.
 Two figures flew into the Numinous Palace. The person in front was Sage Fated Secrets. He had an immortal aura and an unfathomable temperament.
 Fang Liang was slightly moved when he saw the man in black.
 “Uncle-Master Su Qi…” Fang Liang frowned in surprise.
 Su Qi narrowed his eyes when he saw him.
 The two of them only looked at each other and did not greet each other.
 Fang Liang stood up and bowed. The others did the same.
 Facing a Sage, the Heavenly Emperor had to bow.
 Sage Fated Secrets said, “This person behind me is called Su Qi. He was once the jinx of the Heavenly Court. He obtained my true teachings and will serve the Heavenly Court from now on.”
 Fang Liang smiled. “Thank you for your support, Sage.” Li Xuan’ao frowned and asked, “He’s only an Immortal Emperor. What can he help us with? The Heavenly Court doesn’t lack Immortal Emperors.”
 Su Qi said calmly, “I’m not only an Immortal Emperor. If you’re not convinced, do you dare to take a palm strike from me?”
 Li Xuan’ao smiled.
 He immediately stepped forward and said, “Come, I’ll take your palm strike. I won’t fight back.”
 Li Daokong stared at Su Qi in deep thought.
 Su Qi didn’t stand on ceremony and prepared to raise his palm.
 “Forget it, His Majesty can accept him,” Li Daokong suddenly said.
 When Su Qi heard that, he immediately put down his raised right hand.
 Li Xuan’ao was immediately displeased, but he believed that Li Daokong had his reasons.
 Sage Fated Secrets nodded and said, “Don’t worry about the human Sages. They will be dealt with by the Sages.” With that, Sage Fated Secrets vanished from the hall.
 Fang Liang looked at Su Qi and smiled. “Uncle-Master, long time no see.”
 Uncle-Master!
 Everyone was shocked. Su Qi’s cold face also showed a smile. “How did you become the Heavenly Emperor?”
 Fang Liang sat down again and sighed. “It’s a long story. Why did you become the disciple of a Sage? Does Grandmaster know?”
 At the mention of Han Jue, Su Qi looked helpless and said, “I don’t know. To be honest, I don’t know how to face him.”
 Li Xuan’ao came back to his senses. Su Qi was Fang Liang’s Uncle-Master. Wasn’t he that person’s disciple? He recalled the day when he faced Han Jue’s Great Freedom Heaven Imprisoning Palm and couldn’t help but palpitate.
 He didn’t forget the scene of Li Daokong being forced back by Han Jue’s sword.
 Fang Huangjun couldn’t help but recall his experience using the Heavenly Dao Token to contact Han Jue.
 Sun Quan…
 Who are you and how strong are you?
 Li Daokong stared at Su Qi and said, “You give me a very similar feeling to the Inauspicious Evil.”
 Su Qi glanced at him and replied calmly, “I’ve absorbed them.”
 Li Xuan’ao and Fang Huangjun were moved.
 Absorption of the Inauspicious Evil…
 Li Xuan’ao’s eyelids twitched. He suddenly understood why Li Daokong stopped him from taking Su Qi’s palm.
 The power of the Inauspicious Evil was strange and terrifying, not something he could withstand.
 “I’ll arrange for a place for you to stay. Let’s chat somewhere else.” Fang Liang smiled.
 Su Qi nodded slightly.
 Another ten years passed. [Your disciple Su Qi has joined the Heavenly Court and his providence has transformed.)
 It seemed that Sage Fated Secrets also supported Su Qi.
 Han Jue decided to visit him in his dreams.
 Before that, he used the derivation function to ask if Su Qi was being controlled by a Sage.
 After spending a billion years of his lifespan and confirming that Su Qi was still him, Han Jue dreamed.
 Su Qi’s favorability towards him had not decreased. He shouldn’t have changed his mind.
 Soon, the two of them entered a dream.
 The dream depicted the Cultivate Diligently Become Immortal Mountain of the Jade Pure Sacred Sect. The sky was blue and the Immortal Qi was ethereal.
 When Su Qi saw Han Jue, he couldn’t help but be stunned.
 Han Jue was expressionless and said, “Aren’t you kneeling down after seeing your master?”
 Su Qi came back to his senses and immediately knelt down.
 “Greetings, Master!” A storm brewed in Su Qi’s heart. What kind of Mystical Power was this?
 He actually forcefully dragged him into a dream!
 He couldn’t help but think of the methods of Sage Fated Secrets. Could it be that Han Jue was also a Sage?
 It was very likely!
 Thinking about it carefully, Han Jue did not seek opportunities. He had been cultivating in seclusion, but the difference between him and them was becoming greater and greater.
 This did not make sense!
 Su Qi was also experienced and knew that his breakthrough speed was already very exaggerated. If news of this spread, who wouldn’t be dumbfounded?
 Han Jue asked, “You’ve recently obtained a huge opportunity. Your providence has changed, and so has your karma. Do you know what’s behind this opportunity?”
 Su Qi fell into deep thought.
 After a while, he looked up and asked, “Does Master know something? Please remind me.”
 Han Jue said, “I don’t know who gave you the great opportunity, but in the calamity, any reward is part of a scheme.”
 He had to pretend not to know about the Sage’s existence in case anyone read Su Qi’s memories.
 Su Qi’s expression darkened. “Master, I obtained a Mystical Power that can destroy all living beings below my cultivation level. The price is a major realm loss.”
 Han Jue pretended to be shocked and said, “There’s such a Mystical Power? Then, don’t use it easily. Destroying all living beings involves too much karma! Wait, who taught you this Mystical Power? You’ve already learned it, that person definitely knows it too. Why wouldn’t he use it himself?”
 Su Qi said, “He’s afraid of bearing karma and dropping a major realm.”
 Han Jue remained silent.
 Su Qi fell silent.
 The master and disciple had their own thoughts.
 Han Jue was thinking about how to persuade Su Qi.
 Su Qi was thinking about what Sage Fated Secrets wanted to do.
 He trusted Han Jue more than Sage Fated Secrets.
 Han Jue specially came to remind him that there was definitely a huge conspiracy.
 Su Qi wasn’t stupid. Han Jue had definitely deduced Sage Fated Secrets. It was just that it was difficult to point it out and he was afraid of being targeted by the Sage.
 In his impression, Han Jue was omnipotent. Since he could predict that he would be schemed against by a Sage, it meant that Han Jue already had a way to deal with it.
 Su Qi asked, “Master, what should I do? I’m afraid I can’t escape from that person’s control.”
 Han Jue thought for a moment and said, “Pretend that you don’t know his plot. It’s fine as long as you don’t cull the living beings. My disciple, the karma of this matter is too great. You might even offend a Sage. Don’t take action so easily.”

