 Han Jue turned a blind eye to the internal strife between the new and old factions of the Hidden Sect. He didn’t plan to interfere as long as there were no conflicts.
 Cultivation was boring, to begin with. If they weren’t allowed to bicker, it would be too
 boring.
 Ten years later. The Hidden Sect regained its calm. Han Jue also had a chance to break through.
 Releasing the Strange Deity to help him, he began to break through. Rolling negative karma surged out from the 36th-grade Reincarnation World Destruction Black Lotus and surged into his body. It entered the Zenith Heaven Dao Fruit and transformed into Dharmic powers. After seven years, Han Jue finally broke through.
 [Name: Han Jue]
 (Race: Primordial Fiendcelestial]
 (Cultivation: Late-stage Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm]
 (Technique: Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao, Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering]
 [Great Dao: Great Dao of Life and Death, Great Dao of Karma]
 His lifespan doubled again!
 In a good mood, Han Jue continued to consolidate his cultivation.
 When he reached the Pseudo-Sage Realm, his lifespan would probably exceed its limits.
 The more lifespan he had, the stronger he could curse!
 Another three years passed, and Han Jue completely stabilized his cultivation.
 He began to improve his Sword Dao Mystical Powers. In half a year, after raising all his Sword Dao Mystical Powers to the limit, he began to cultivate the Grand Unity Aspect. The fourth Fiendcelestial Dharma idol, Shadow Flood Fiendcelestial.
 The Shadow Flood Fiendcelestial transformed into a torrent of shadows that swept through everything!
 This technique could be used to form a sea of people. It could duplicate the shadows of all enemies and use them to fight enemies.
 In half a year, Han Jue mastered this Dharma idol.
 He was pleasantly surprised to find that he could still cultivate the fifth Fiendcelestial Dharma idol.
 Void Fiendcelestial of the Void Great Dao. Everything could be reduced to the void!
 In the same half a year, Han Jue completely cultivated the Void Fiendcelestial Dharma Idol.
 This time, he could use five Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols at the same time!
 His Dharmic powers were endless after reaching the Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm. He didn’t have to worry about exhausting his Dharmic powers at all.
 Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial, Nine Yin Fiendcelestial, Wind Shaking Fiendcelestial, Shadow Flood Fiendcelestial, and Void Fiendcelestial!
 With the appearance of the five Great Fiendcelestials, who could compete?
 Han Jue started the simulation trial.
 He swept through the Zenith Heaven Realm!
 He fought against a Pseudo-Sage!
 Even the Pseudo-Sage of the Great Ultimate Hall could not defeat him.
 Han Jue fought with Fuxitian.
 Unexpectedly!
 He was insta-killed!
 Han Jue almost became depressed.
 It was fine if he was blown to death by Ancestor Xitian, but being insta-killed by a Heavenly Dao Sage like Fuxitian shook his Dao heart.
 Unknowingly, Han Jue felt that the Heavenly Dao Sage was not a true Sage, so he underestimated him.
 He continued to fight the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate and was also insta-killed.
 How awful!
 Han Jue immediately sent a voice transmission to Zhao Xuanyuan and Dao Sovereign, inviting them to enter the simulation trial.
 The two of them didn’t reject and quickly discovered that Han Jue wanted to fight one against two.
 In the simulation trial.
 Zhao Xuanyuan said bitterly, “Master, do you want to humiliate us?”
 Dao Sovereign was also very angry.
 Without another word, Han Jue took out five Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols. They were all ten thousand feet tall, sinister and terrifying.
 Upon seeing the five Chaotic Fiendcelestials, Dao Sovereign and Zhao Xuanyuan felt inexplicably terrified.
 “What’s that?” Dao Sovereign couldn’t help but
 ask.
 Han Jue smiled and said, “A Mystical Power. Come. If you can destroy any Dharma idol, you will have the strength to defeat a Zenith Heaven. If you can’t kill enemies beyond your realm, can you still be considered geniuses?” The two geniuses were deeply stimulated and immediately attacked.
 Under the Fusang Tree.
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog shook its head as it stared at Zhao Xuanyuan and Dao Sovereign. It said, “Look, have these two gone mad?”
 The other cultivators opened their eyes and looked at the two of them.
 Dao Sovereign and Zhao Xuanyuan were trembling and had ugly expressions. They were even gritting their teeth as if they were enduring something.
 The others gathered around him.
 Chu Shiren said, “It shouldn’t be a mental demon. Are they in the simulation trial?”
 The Black Hell Chicken asked in surprise, “These two brothers are fighting?”
 Everyone guessed and discussed.
 After a while.
 Dao Sovereign and Zhao Xuanyuan opened their eyes at the same time. The two of them became dispirited. “What’s wrong with you?” Murong Qi asked curiously. Dao Sovereign snorted and left. He walked to the other side of the Fusang Tree and entered a meditative state.
 Zhao Xuanyuan said awkwardly, “We were sparring with Master earlier.”
 The Black Hell Chicken’s eyes lit up. “Two against one?”
 “Of course.”
 “How was it?”
 “We were constantly insta-killed…”
 Despair filled Zhao Xuanyuan’s face.
 The others looked at each other.
 The Black Hell Chicken was about to add insult to injury when Li Yao sighed. “We’re not even qualified to spar with the Sect Master.”
 Everyone agreed.
 Han Jue didn’t take the initiative to spar with others.
 Jiang Yi’s expression turned ugly. Could it be that he was no longer in Han Jue’s eyes? For a time, everyone’s mood was affected.
 Connate Cave Abode.
 Han Jue was brewing the Fiendcelestial Qi of Shadow Flood and Void.
 The three balls of Fiendcelestial Qi from before were still condensing. There was no fixed number of them until the birth of a true Chaotic Fiendcelestial. However, if they could condense, there would definitely be a result.
 It’d still be very useful even if it was only a Chaotic Fiendcelestial Puppet.
 Half a year later, the two new balls of Fiendcelestial Qi successfully condensed. They began to condense and advance towards life. Han Jue took out the Book of Misfortune and started cursing Sage Fated Secrets.
 “I just broke through. I have to celebrate.”
 After cursing for five days, Han Jue’s lifespan began to decrease.
 He decided to break through the curse limit again.? He would give Sage Fated Secrets 2 trillion years!
 He wondered if he could last that long.
 100 billion years!
 300 billion years! 500 billion years!
 In the Immortal World, in the mountains, countless living beings occupied the entire mountain range, all facing one direction.
 It was a peak. On the peak, an old man with an immortal aura was preaching.
 It was Sage Fated Secrets.
 Taking advantage of the Immeasurable Calamity, he transformed into an Immortal God and descended into the mortal world to win over the hearts of all living beings. He wanted to recruit troops for the Heavenly Court.
 He frowned as he preached.
 “The curse has begun again!”
 “It should be the Dark Forbidden Lord. The South Extreme Heavenly Venerate said that the Dark Forbidden Lord likes to curse once every ten years.”
 “Which Sage is it?”
 Sage Fated Secrets was puzzled.
 Sages could spy on everything and derive everything. Therefore, Sage Fated Secrets was also used to and relied on deductions. When he couldn’t deduce the enemy, he was a little confused.
 The curse power was becoming stronger again.
 Although it was not enough to hurt Sage Fated Secrets, anyone would be vexed by such a curse.
 “Could it be that the other party wants to disturb my Dao heart?”
 The more he thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible.
 At this moment, a powerful aura erupted from the end of the world. “I, Zhou Fan of the Human Race, am willing to sacrifice my providence and obtain the power to conquer the immortals!
 “The immortals have slaughtered all living beings. This is against the Heavenly Dao. I hope that the Heavenly Dao will grant me the power to slay gods! “The Human Race will never give up!”
 Zhou Fan’s roar resounded throughout the world. The listeners looked at each other.
 Before they could recover, another loud laugh sounded.
 “A mere mortal dares to disobey the Immortal Gods and dares to command the Heavenly Dao. How ridiculous! How ridiculous!”
 “If you don’t know, I’ll let you experience it today!”

