 He wasn’t surprised, only terrified. He was the acting Sect Master of the Jie School, but he actually did not know about this.
 What did that mean?
 This meant that he was only a pawn.
 It could even be said that the Jie School left in the Immortal World was their tool.
 The more Jing Tiangong thought about it, the more complicated his emotions became.
 Han Jue said, “That’s all I have to say. Take care.”
 The dream shattered.
 As for what Jing Tiangong was thinking, Han Jue didn’t care.
 Jing Tiangong had a very good impression of him. He wouldn’t sell him out. But it was fine even if he did.
 Anyway, Han Jue had already pointed out the obvious path for him. It depended on him whether he could survive this calamity. Han Jue began to hesitate if he should visit the Heavenly Emperor in his dreams.
 Calculate first!
 “I want to know, are there Sages around the Heavenly Emperor?”
 [2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Yes]
 Han Jue sighed. He could only give up.
 He had already done what he could for the Heavenly Emperor. If he really died, Han Jue could only try his best to support the Heavenly Court after the calamity ended to fulfill the Heavenly Emperor’s final wish.
 Han Jue calmed down and continued cultivating.
 He had to reach the perfected Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm first!
 After entering his cultivation state, Han Jue lost track of time again.
 As his cultivation level increased, his understanding of the Great Dao of Life and Death also increased.
 However, he did not dare to enter too deeply into it. He was afraid that this Dao had already been grasped by a mighty figure. He was waiting to gather the nine Great Dao Fragments and create his own Great Dao.
 He was only missing one Great Dao Fragment!
 Time flew.
 Year after year passed.
 Although the Hidden Sect was calm, the Immortal World had already become a purgatory.
 The green mountains and rivers were razed to the ground. The endless sea turned into a sea of blood. The various regions were covered in corpses. It was a ghastly sight.
 Endless negative karma filled the air as countless vengeful spirits wandered in the Immortal World.
 Some came from the Nine Nether Purgatory, while some perished in the calamity.
 Ghosts surged and the Immortal World became the netherworld.
 Seventy years passed. Han Jue’s cultivation improved again.
 Xun Chang’an and Han Eight stepped into the Emperor Realm one after another. The others had all reached the Grand Unity Golden Immortal Realm.
 At this rate, it wouldn’t be difficult for them to reach the Emperor Realm before the calamity ended.
 The Spirit Qi in the Dao Field was extremely abundant and had already surpassed the level of a Holy Land.? In addition, Han Jue often preached the Dao. Even a pig could cultivate and become an immortal here.
 Every existence who stepped into the Emperor Realm would be called into the cave abode by Han Jue. By giving special treatment alone, they could at least learn a great Mystical Power.
 After learning the Mystical Power, these disciples’ strength began to increase by leaps and bounds.
 Sometimes, one didn’t need many Mystical Powers. One move was enough.
 No matter how many Mystical Powers one had, it was useless if they couldn’t kill the enemy.
 On this day, Han Jue walked out of the cave abode again and preached the Dao to the entire Hidden Sect.
 Ten years of preaching passed in a flash.
 The disciples were still immersed after he finished speaking. Thus, Han Jue came to the Fusang Tree. He wanted to see the situation of the space-time vortex.
 Ma Chao was still guarding the vortex and sitting on the tree trunk. He was like an old Buddha, as firm as a rock and as immovable as a mountain.
 Seeing Han Jue appear, he didn’t stand up because he didn’t have such pleasantries in his mind. He only had one mission: guard the Dao Field. He didn’t even need to cultivate.
 Han Jue was very curious about the situation at the other end of the space-time vortex.
 The Chiliocosm World belonged to the other Heavenly Dao and was far from the Heavenly Dao Immeasurable Calamity. However, it definitely had its own calamity.
 Should he send someone to investigate?
 Would this be discovered by the Heavenly Dao World of the Chiliocosm World?
 Forget it.
 Before he had the strength to fight against a Sage, Han Jue should try his best not to provoke one.
 At this moment, Murong Qi suddenly came to his side.
 “Grandmaster, there’s something strange about that world,” Murong Qi said.
 The other disciples were still in a state of Dao comprehension. It wasn’t simple for him to be the first to awaken.
 Han Jue asked, “Why do you say that?”
 Murong Qi said, “It’s just a feeling. I felt a mysterious and strange force passing by this vortex, but it didn’t enter.”
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows.
 Could it be that Hidden Sect Island had already been targeted?
 Han Jue asked in his mind, “Who in the world discovered this space-time vortex?”.
 [2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Inauspicious Deity)
 Eh?
 Another Inauspicious Deity!
 Wait!
 Why were there Inauspicious Deities in that
 world?
 Didn’t the Inauspicious Deities stay in the Dark Forbidden Zone?
 Han Jue continued to ask, losing another 4 billion years of his lifespan.
 [The providence of the Chiliocosm World is declining. A large number of Inauspicious Deities are pouring into the Chiliocosm World.]
 Han Jue was secretly shocked. The Inauspicious Deities had invaded the Chiliocosm World. Wasn’t this also a calamity?
 Fortunately, he did not go to the Chiliocosm World. Otherwise, he would be in trouble again.
 Han Jue said, “It’s fine as long as you don’t go in. They’re also experiencing a calamity.”
 Murong Qi frowned.
 Han Jue left after watching for a while.
 He couldn’t block the empty vortex for the time being. He couldn’t really cut down the Fusang Tree.
 If the Inauspicious Deity barged in, it would be a good opportunity to feed the Strange Deity.
 Numinous Palace.
 Fang Liang sat on the Emperor’s throne with a solemn expression. There were not many immortals in the hall, and they were all nervous.
 A Heavenly Soldier rushed in and shouted in horror, “Fuxitian and Empress Nüwa are attacking Sect Master Tian Jue. The battle will soon endanger the Heavenly Court. We can’t hold on to the tenth Heaven anymore!”
 The immortals were in an uproar.
 A Heavenly General immediately looked at Fang Liang and said, “Your Majesty, retreat. There’s no need for us to guard the heavens now. The nine heavens have been destroyed. The Sages have been fighting in the sky. If we stay in the sky, we will definitely suffer!”
 The others urged. Now, they had already lost their ambitions to slaughter the humans and dominate the heavens. They only wanted to survive.
 Fang Liang frowned and did not speak.
 The Divine General asked, “Your Majesty, what does the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate mean?”
 Currently, two Sages supported the Heavenly Court. Sect Master Tian Jue of the Jie School and South Extreme Heavenly Venerate of the Chan School. This was only on the surface.
 Unfortunately, the two Sages did not truly support the Heavenly Court. They only used the Heavenly Court to clean up all living beings and pave the way for the Heavenly Race.
 Now, Heavenly Court was in a dilemma.
 No matter how angry the immortals were, they did not dare to contradict the Sages. This aggrieved feeling made them go mad.
 Fang Liang replied, “The Heavenly Venerate asked the Heavenly Court to wait quietly. He said that the Human Race will undergo a drastic change next.”
 Change?
 The immortals looked at each other, not understanding what kind of change would happen.
 Dong
 A deafening bell sounded. The expressions of Fang Liang, the Divine General, and all the immortals in the hall changed drastically. They felt their souls tremble. The weaker immortals vomited blood on the spot, and their auras quickly weakened. “What bell is this?”
 Fang Liang was shocked. He seemed to have thought of something and looked terrified.
 “Have they… gone mad?!” Fang Liang’s loss of composure made the immortals even more terrified.
 The Divine General asked, “Your Majesty, do you know what happened?”
 As Fang Liang circulated his energy to stabilize his soul, he gritted his teeth and replied, “Heavenly Dao Fiendish Supreme Treasure. A Sage is preparing to slaughter another Sage!”

