 The immortals were in an uproar. They had always thought that the Sages were acting. They didn’t expect them to really have killing intent.
 The Divine General frowned and asked, “Really? Could it be just intimidation?”
 Fang Liang said in a low voice, “Once this treasure is used, the world will be silent. It will also cause a backlash to the Sages. It shouldn’t be just intimidation.”
 The Numinous Palace was about to fall. It would be fine if the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate and Sect Master Tian Jue used this treasure. However, if Fuxitian and Nüwa were the ones controlling it, the Heavenly Court would be completely finished!
 Despair began to spread. Every Immortal God was uneasy.
 Another twenty years had passed since the last lecture.
 In the Connate Cave Abode, Han Jue was cultivating.
 [Detected that the Heavenly Dao Sage, Sect Master Tian Jue, used the Heavenly Dao Fiendish Supreme Treasure to advance the calamity. You have the following choices:]
 [1: Enter the calamity immediately and stop Sect Master Tian Jue. You can obtain a chance to upgrade the system.] [2: Cultivate in a low profile manner and stay away from the calamity. You can obtain a chance to upgrade the Dao Field.]
 Heavenly Dao Fiendish Supreme Treasure? What was that?
 Forget it, it’s not important!
 Han Jue directly chose the second option.
 [The Dao Field has begun to upgrade.]
 Han Jue was in a good mood. He would be safer after the Dao Field was upgraded.
 This time, the array formation of the Dao Field should raise to the level of a Sage, right?
 At that time, if the Sages couldn’t break in, he could cultivate in peace.
 It took time to level up the Dao Field. Han Jue didn’t wait and continued cultivating.
 The second year. Han Jue, who was cultivating, suddenly opened his eyes. For some reason, he felt uneasy, and his mood was inexplicably low.
 He noticed that the Hidden Sect disciples outside the cave were the same.
 “What’s going on? I feel so depressed.” “You too?”
 “This feeling… Something big has happened in the Immortal World! To be precise, something big has happened in the Heavenly Dao.” “Is danger approaching us again?” “I’m not sure, but the Sect Master isn’t out. What’s there to be afraid of?”.
 Hearing the conversation outside, Han Jue frowned, not understanding what happened.
 He was about to use the derivation function when Hidden Sect Island shook violently. It was more intense than any previous attacks.
 The sea beside the island surged violently. The mountain shook and countless rocks rolled down.
 Han Jue’s eyes narrowed. Great Dharmic powers enveloped the entire Dao Field and stabilized everything.
 He clearly felt an extremely terrifying impact sweep across Hidden Sect Island, sweeping it into the unknown.
 [Qiu Xilai wants to visit you in your dreams.]
 Han Jue ignored him. Hidden Sect Island was in trouble and he couldn’t accept it.
 Qiu Xilai began to flood the notifications.
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 This fellow was really crazy. How could he be so impatient as a Sage?
 Han Jue asked in his mind, “What is attacking Hidden Sect Island?”
 (4 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 This value…
 Sage!
 [Empress Nüwa perished. The impact of the explosion of the Heavenly Dao Sage’s Dao Fruit swept to Hidden Sect Island.) Nüwa had perished?
 Han Jue widened his eyes and gasped.
 A Sage had really perished.
 Most importantly, it was Nüwa… Perhaps because of the mythology in his previous life, Han Jue felt that Empress Nüwa was a level higher than the other Heavenly Dao Sages. He didn’t expect her to be the first to die.
 With the Sage dead, the calamity should have ended, right?
 After about an hour, Hidden Sect Island finally stopped. The dream request from Qiu Xilai continued to flood the notifications.
 Han Jue checked his surroundings and, after confirming that there were no strong enemies, accepted the dream.
 It was still the same hall. Qiu Xilai was still the mighty golden Buddha high above.
 Han Jue didn’t reveal the Sun and Moon Yin-Yang Protection. After all, this was a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure. Having a Supreme Treasure for no reason would attract the suspicion of Sages.
 “Nüwa has perished. One of the nine Heavenly Dao Sage positions is empty. After this calamity ends, all living beings can compete to become a Heavenly Dao Sage. You can prepare in advance,” Qiu Xilai said.
 Heavenly Dao Sage?
 I don’t want it!
 Han Jue pretended to be shocked and asked, “Sages will also die?”
 Qiu Xilai said, “Under the Heavenly Dao’s protection, the Sages are undying and indestructible. However, in the calamity, the heavenly secrets are covered by negative karma. The Sages’ providence has weakened, and there’s a possibility of death. The Sect Master of the Jie School, Tian Jue, used the Heavenly Dao Fiendish Supreme Treasure to kill Nüwa. Fuxitian was also severely injured. He can be considered to have left the battle of the calamity early.”
 Sect Master Tian Jue…
 Han Jue couldn’t help but think of the Heavenly Sect Master in the Investiture of the Gods. The Heavenly Sect Master was also the master of the Jie School. If he was forced into a corner, he would use the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation to kill a Sage.
 The Sages of the Jie School were so ruthless!
 Could this be part of their inheritance?
 Han Jue asked, “In other words, the calamity is about to end?”
 Qiu Xi said, “Yes. When the number of living beings is lower than the number of Heavenly Dao, the Sages will join forces to eliminate the negative karma of the world and restore the heavens.”
 Han Jue was silent. In other words, another massacre would ensue.
 Nüwa died and Fuxitian retreated. The Human Race was finished.
 Han Jue wasn’t in a good mood. After all, he was also a human. Although he didn’t have a sense of belonging to the humans in this world, he still felt pity for them. “After the calamity ends, return to the Immortal World. A huge change is happening in the Dark Forbidden Zone. In the future, it will be extremely dangerous. Below the Sages, all living beings can only rely on the protection of the Heavenly Dao to avoid being attacked by the Dark Forbidden Zone.”  Han Jue nodded.
 The Heavenly Dao Sage shouldn’t know the Great Dao Sages’ plan.
 Han Jue didn’t say that the rebellion in the Dark Forbidden Zone was caused by the Great Dao Sages. It was useless to say it, and it would easily offend the other party. The Heavenly Dao Sages were already extremely terrifying. Who knew what kind of existence the Great Dao Sages were? Han Jue asked, “What will happen to the Heavenly Emperor?”
 Qiu Xilai replied, “He no longer belongs to the Heavenly Dao. To protect him, we can only expel him from the Heavenly Dao. As for whether he can survive, that will depend on his luck.”
 Han Jue remained silent.
 Perhaps this was the best outcome.
 He would ask the Heavenly Emperor if he was willing to follow him after the calamity ended.
 “Do you know the Dark Forbidden Lord?” Qiu Xilai suddenly asked.
 Han Jue said, “I’ve heard of him.”
 Qiu Xi said, “After the calamity ends, the Sages will think of a way to find the Dark Forbidden Lord. If anyone beside you wants to follow the Dark Forbidden Lord, it’s best to sever ties with them. It’s very likely that the Dark Forbidden Lord is not a Heavenly Dao Sage but an evil existence outside the Heavenly Dao. He has been interfering with the development of the calamity. If not for him, the calamity wouldn’t have attracted the Sages, much less end so quickly.”
 Shocked, Han Jue asked in horror, “An evil existence outside the Heavenly Dao, doesn’t that mean that the Dark Forbidden Lord will threaten all living beings?”
 “That’s right. But don’t worry. The Sages have their own arrangements.”
 Han Jue sighed. He acted very naturally.
 Qiu Xilai didn’t say anything else and ended the dream.
 After returning to the Connate Cave Abode, the first thing Han Jue did was ask if any Heavenly Dao Sage suspected that he was the Dark Forbidden Lord.
 After spending 4 billion years, he obtained the answer: (No). Han Jue was relieved.
 As long as they did not find him, the Sages could deal with the Dark Forbidden Lord as they pleased.

