 The third-generation disciples were Murong Qi, Fang Liang, and Chu Shiren.
 The fourth-generation disciples were Zhou Mingyue and Lu Huaxu
 And the fifth-generation disciple was Han Zuitian.
 These were all Han Jue’s orthodox disciples. Apart from them, Li Yao, Jiang Yi, Diamond Rage, the Black Hell Demon Lord, Dao Comprehension Sword, the Han brothers, Ah Da, Xiao Er, the Black Hell Chicken, the Chaotic Heavenly Dog, the Three-Headed Wyrm King, Xing Hongxuan, Fairy Xi Xuan, Chang Yue’er, and the others could only be considered Hidden Sect disciples and not Han Jue’s personal disciples.
 Currently, the disciples of the Hidden Sect, including the Nether Race, were at least Grand Unity Golden Immortals.
 Although Fairy Xi Xuan and Chang Yue’er were mortals, they often heard Han Jue preach the Dao. In addition, the dense Spirit Qi in the Dao Field had already reached the Grand Unity Golden Immortal Realm. However, whether they could reach the Emperor Realm depended on luck.
 After reaching the Grand Unity Golden Immortal Realm, it was difficult to say anything else.
 Even if Han Jue was a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, he couldn’t create an Immortal Emperor with a flip of his hand. After Zhou Fan joined, the originally relaxed Hidden Sect became tense again. It was only because of Zhou Fan’s Two Mystic Divine Origin cultivation. This fellow wasn’t even nine thousand years old!
 Such potential filled Jiang Yi, Li Yao, Tu Ling’er, and the other disciples with pressure.
 Han Jue still explained the Dao to the disciples when he had the time.
 Fifty years later.
 Jiang Yi had reached the Deity Realm and did not need to transcend the tribulation in the Dao Field, but everyone could sense his powerful aura.
 The next disciple to break through to the Deity Realm should be Li Yao.
 This woman was chasing after him very closely. If not for her terrifying cultivation speed, Jiang Yi might not have been able to break through so quickly.
 On this day.
 Purple light appeared in the sky. It was endless and beautiful as a painting.
 Han Jue felt a powerful aura.
 Someone had reached the Zenith Heaven Realm!
 All living beings in the Heavenly Dao were extinct. Those who survived were mighty figures who surpassed mortals. They would also be legendary figures who would shake the world in the future.
 Han Jue didn’t care who had attained the Zenith Heaven Realm. Currently, other than the Sage Fated Secrets, he didn’t have any enemies.
 Sage Fated Secrets was a Sage. It was impossible for him to reach the Zenith Heaven Realm.
 Han Jue continued cultivating to break through to the Pseudo-Sage Realm.
 It had been nearly a thousand years since his last breakthrough, but Han Jue was still a distance away from the Pseudo-Sage Realm. His cultivation speed was still too slow!
 However, Han Jue didn’t have a faster way. He could only remind himself to be down-to-earth.
 On this day.
 The ground shook violently. The Hundred Peak Immortal River was not affected because of the Dao Field, but Han Jue clearly felt the ground outside the Dao Field trembling.
 The range of the vibration was very wide. Han Jue scanned with his divine sense. It was equivalent to dozens of Reroll World.
 Eh?
 Earthquake?
 Or was something big about to happen?
 Han Jue was secretly curious.
 He immediately asked in his mind, “I want to know if there is a mighty figure in the current Immortal World who has the strength to kill
 me?”
 (2 billion years will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Not for the time being.)
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief. That was fine.
 He closed his eyes and continued cultivating.
 Under the sea of clouds, the endless land shook. The mountains and rivers were split apart. A bottomless valley stretched for ten million miles.
 A huge eye appeared in the depths of the valley. It was cold and sinister, and its pupils trembled.
 Roar
 A deafening dragon roar suddenly resounded through the world. A huge dragon head stretched out from the sea of clouds. Its eyes were larger than mountains, as if it could devour the world with a single mouthful.
 It was a black dragon.
 The black dragon looked down at the eyes in the valley, killing intent erupting from its own eyes.
 Boom
 The black dragon suddenly swooped down, stirring up a terrifying wind that tore apart the sea of clouds. The ground was directly pierced by its massive body, and rubble shot into the sky.
 At the Hundred Peak Immortal River.
 A group of Hidden Sect disciples gathered on the highest peak. Their vision was extraordinary, and they could see the terrifying battle in the distance.
 “That dragon is so big! Could it be a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal?” Zhou Mingyue asked in shock.
 Chu Shiren frowned and said, “True Dragon Race, Nine Heavens’ Ao Yu.”
 The Black Hell Chicken asked curiously, “Is Nine Heavens’ Ao Yu very strong?”
 “A rare Zenith Heaven of the True Dragon Race. He’s an existence on the same level as the Heavenly Emperor.”
 Chu Shiren seemed to have thought of something, and his expression grew extremely ugly.
 Jiang Yi cursed, “I know him. This dog often bullied our Golden Crow Divine Clan in the past. I’m curious about the existence of the ferocious beast he’s fighting.”
 Zhao Xuanyuan frowned and said, “This beast’s body is like black mist and occasionally deforms. Could it be one of the four beasts of the legends, Chaos?”
 Chaos?
 Everyone was shocked. The four beasts were extremely distant legends.
 It was said that when the sun had just risen, there were no Sages preaching. There were no races. All living beings were ferocious beasts. They were muddle-headed and had no civilization or communication. There was only the survival of the fittest.
 The four beasts were the four strongest beasts among the endless beasts. Swallowing the sun and absorbing the sea was nothing difficult to them.
 ea was
T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by nov(ê(l)biin.co/m ems
 The Black Hell Demon Lord sighed. “It seems that the restart of the Heavenly Dao is not as good as we imagined. The terrifying existence that was suppressed in the past might also appear. Before the races stand, we have to guide the killing instincts of Connate lifeforms.”
 Everyone continued to discuss. They weren’t nervous or uneasy.
 Nothing would happen to them if they stayed in the Hundred Peak Immortal River.
 Time passed.
 Another hundred years passed.
 Three lines of words suddenly appeared in front of Han Jue, who was cultivating.
 (Detected that the Heavenly Dao Ferocious Beast Era is coming. You have the following choices:)
 (1: Come out immediately and kill all the ferocious beasts. You can obtain a Mystical Power inheritance, a Great Dao Fragment, and the hatred of a Heavenly Dao Sage.]
 [2: Cultivate in a low profile manner and do not participate in the battle of ferocious beasts. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and a Mystical Power inheritance.]
 Needless to say?
 Han Jue definitely couldn’t offend a Sage. Thus, he directly chose the second option.
 He only wanted to cultivate well and not cause trouble.
 (You chose to cultivate in a low profile manner and obtained a Great Dao Fragment and a Mystical Power inheritance.]
 [Congratulations on obtaining the Sword Dao Mystical Power-Ten Thousand Life Sword]
 (Ten Thousand Life Sword: Great Dao Mystical Power. Transforming all things in the world into a sword. Its attack is vast and its killing power is terrifying.]
 It had been a long time since he had comprehended a Sword Dao Mystical Power. Furthermore, it was a Great Dao Mystical Power. Not bad, not bad!
 Han Jue immediately inherited the Ten Thousand Life Sword.
 He had currently obtained two Great Dao Mystical Powers: the Grand Unity Aspect and the Ten Thousand Life Sword.
 Han Jue had already experienced the power of the Chaotic Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols. Now, when facing enemies, he would directly use the Chaotic Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols to suppress them. It was simple, rough, and extremely satisfying. He had an invincible aura.
 The Ten Thousand Life Sword was also a Great Dao Mystical Power, which meant that it was not inferior to the Grand Unity Aspect. Han Jue was looking forward to it.
 Immediately after, an enormous amount of memories surged into Han Jue’s mind.
 Even he, who was at the perfected Zenith Golden Immortal Realm, felt like his head was about to explode.
 This comprehension lasted for three years.
 Han Jue finally mastered and grasped the Ten Thousand Life Sword.
 The Ten Thousand Life Sword could turn everything in the world into a sword. At his command, it could kill enemies.
 If his cultivation was strong enough, he could turn everything in the Heavenly Dao into a sword with a thought. It was extremely domineering
 Han Jue started the simulation trial.
 The simulation trial could create a venue based on the trial-taker’s imagination. Han Jue imagined a vast world.
 With a thought, the mountains and rivers transformed into huge swords that soared into the sky. The trees on the ground transformed into wooden swords. Even the lakes and seas transformed into swords.
 In the blink of an eye, everything in front of him transformed into swords of different colors. It was as if the entire world was made of swords. The scene was extremely shocking.

