 Then, Han Jue began to cultivate the Grand Unity Aspect.
 The ninth Fiendcelestial was the Combat Fiendcelestial. It used its fighting spirit to increase cultivation and fight till death.
 The tenth Fiendcelestial, the Death Fiendcelestial, transformed the Great Dao into Death Qi. The Death Qi devoured vitality and caused all things to die.
 The eleventh Fiendcelestial, Wood Breath Fiendcelestial, had the Wood Origin. Its Dharmic powers gave birth to wood, and it imprisoned the heavens.
 The twelfth Fiendcelestial was the Soul Fiendcelestial. It had no body and cultivated the soul. Each thought produced was boundless.
 The thirteenth Fiendcelestial was the Killing Intent Fiendcelestial. It condensed killing intent into the Dao. The stronger the killing intent, the stronger the Dao technique. Han Jue used nine years to refine five Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols.
 When the thirteen fiendcelestials appeared together, they were simply unstoppable.
 The Fiendcelestials that Han Jue currently controlled were the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial, Nine Yin Fiendcelestial, Wind Shaking Fiendcelestial, Shadow Flood Fiendcelestial, Void Fiendcelestial, Scarlet Clear Fiendcelestial, Weak Water Fiendcelestial, and Extreme Darkness Fiendcelestial, the Combat Fiendcelestial, the Death Fiendcelestial, the Wood Breath Fiendcelestial, the Soul Fiendcelestial, and the Killing Intent Fiendcelestial.
 He began the simulation trial. Even if he chose a Pseudo-Sage, he still enjoyed the feeling of brutality.
 It doesn’t matter how powerful you are or how powerful your Dharma treasures are. In front of the thirteen Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols, you are nothing but an ant.
 Han Jue tried to challenge the Heavenly Dao Sage, Fuxitian.
 Yeah.
 He was still killed.
 However, it was finally not an instant kill. Han Jue lasted for two breaths of time.
 He had improved greatly.
 In a good mood, Han Jue decided to preach the Dao to the disciples.
 He walked out of the Daoist temple and headed to the Fusang Tree.
 With his cultivation level, he could teleport to the Fusang Tree, but he liked to walk on foot. It was a good opportunity to stroll around.
 After so many years, the change to the Hundred Peak Immortal River was also very great. Traceless Breeze Lotuses were everywhere, the green lotuses on the ground emitting a dense Connate Qi.
 Hundred Peak Immortal River’s trees were all extremely tall. The tallest tree was already more than a thousand feet tall, but in front of the Fusang Tree, they were like flowers.
 The Fusang Tree was already ten thousand feet tall, like the oldest tree in the legends.
 When Han Jue walked to the Fusang Tree, all the disciples had already gathered. Jiang Yi, the Black Hell Chicken, and the other beasts had yet to return, but Han Jue learned from the emails that they were doing well. Their potential had been transforming by devouring the beasts.
 By the time they returned, they would probably have all reached the Immortal Emperor Realm.
 The era of ferocious beasts was a banquet prepared for the first batch of mighty figures of the world.
 To be able to stand out during this era, one’s potential, strength, and combat talent must be extremely strong. With time, becoming a mighty figure that ruled the myriad worlds was not difficult.
Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com Han Jue began to preach the Dao. His voice resounded throughout the Hundred Peak Immortal River, allowing the Nether Race to hear him.
 After reaching the Pseudo-Sage Realm, Han Jue’s Dao voice had even more profundities. During the lecture, his voice greatly increased the comprehension of the listeners. His Dao technique was even more profound, and everyone could obtain enlightenment from it.
 This lecture lasted longer than ever.
 Han Jue talked for fifty years.
 After the lecture, he returned to the Daoist temple alone.
 Giving a lecture to his disciples was actually equivalent to sorting out his Dao techniques and benefiting greatly.
 “No wonder so many mighty figures like to preach the Dao. They can not only give gifts but also help increase their cultivation.”
 Han Jue smiled and closed his eyes to cultivate.
 …
 In the wilderness, a long worm that was as huge as a mountain range was advancing. It was like a centipede, but its hundred feet were like the paws of a lion. As it advanced, it created a path.
 It seemed to be looking for food, walking and stopping
 At this moment, the ground collapsed. A bloody mouth broke out from the ground and bit off this long worm, causing blood to splatter across the ground.
 This beast that broke out of the ground was like a bear’s head. It had eight eyes and wandered in different directions.
 Boom
 A terrifying gust of wind descended. A pair of terrifying claws broke through the sea of clouds and grabbed the eight-eyed beast, dragging it out of the ground and flying above the sea of clouds.
 “Tsk tsk tsk! I, your Master Chicken, can eat my fill again!”
 An extremely arrogant laugh resounded through the sky. Holding the eight-eyed beast was a huge black chicken.
 Black Hell Chicken!
 In front of the Black Hell Chicken, the eight-eyed beast also appeared short.
 The Black Hell Chicken flapped its wings and disappeared into the horizon.
 A group of people stood on the Black Hell Chicken’s back. It was Jiang Yi and the others.
 Blood splattered everywhere. Jiang Yi had no choice but to use his Mystical Power to create a protective shield to block it.
 Ah Da said unhappily, “This stinky chicken is always so exaggerated. Is it on purpose?”
 The Chaotic Heavenly Dog looked at the Black Hell Demon Lord and said, “Aren’t you its brother? Control it!”
 The Black Hell Demon Lord said angrily, “How? It has always been very arrogant.”
 The Three-Headed Wyrm King shouted, “It’s my turn now. All of you, hold the line!”
 Everyone was noisy. After a while, the Black Hell Chicken finished eating the eight-eyed beast.
 “Oh? You beasts actually have intelligence.”
 A voice suddenly resounded through the world. Jiang Yi’s expression changed slightly.
 He couldn’t sense where the other party was.
 A mighty figure!
 Jiang Yi said loudly, “Senior, we are not ferocious beasts!”
 If it was in the past, Jiang Yi would definitely curse. However, the Golden Crow Divine Clan was suspected to be extinct now. The surviving mighty figures were existences he couldn’t provoke. He had to be careful.
 “There’s also a Golden Crow. His potential is not bad. All of you can join me!”
 The mysterious mighty figure smiled and the sky darkened. A terrifying wind appeared and swept them all into the sky.
 Y.
 Jiang Yi and the others looked up. A huge sleeve appeared in the sky, covering the sky and making it difficult to estimate its diameter.
 They wanted to escape, but they were suppressed by powerful Dharmic powers and could not move.
 Soon, they were swept into his sleeve.
 Hundred Peak Immortal River.
 It had been eight years since the lecture ended.
 Many disciples were still in a state of Dao comprehension and had yet to awaken.
 Han Jue was cultivating when he suddenly sensed someone using the Invocation Technique.
 He counted with his fingers. It was the Black Hell Chicken.
 After so many years, this was the first time the Black Hell Chicken had used the Invocation Technique. Could something have happened?
 Although he was already invincible, Han Jue still warily asked, “If I go over, will I be in danger?”
 (A billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Not for the time being.)
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief and immediately activated all his Dharma treasures. The Sun and Moon Yin-Yang Protection emitted a divine light that enveloped his body.
 He stood up and stepped into the black vortex.
 On the other side.
 Jiang Yi, the Black Hell Chicken, the Black Hell Demon Lord, and the others were trapped in an open space. The ground was like jade, and the edge of the open space was dark. They couldn’t see the exit.
 Looking up, they could see a mouth of light that was only interwoven with lightning.
 The Black Hell Chicken looked nervously at the black vortex.
 “Will Master not come?” the chicken muttered.
 Jiang Yi and the others were also worried.
 At this moment, a strong light overflowed from the black vortex. Han Jue stepped out.
 Everyone was pleasantly surprised and knelt down to him.
 Han Jue immediately checked the surrounding enemies.
 [Ta Tiange: Perfected Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm, Immortal of the Chan School]

