 The Chan School had a deep foundation. They hadn’t displayed it before. They could really tolerate it.
 Han Jue looked at the Black Hell Chicken and asked, “You were caught?”
 Under the light of the divine light, Han Jue was like a god of creation descending. His image was filled with visual shock.
 The Black Hell Chicken said angrily, “Master, someone caught us for no reason and wants us to be slaves!”
 Jiang Yi and the others heaved a sigh of relief when they saw Han Jue.
 Now, in their minds, Han Jue was already an existence comparable to a Sage. As long as he appeared, the danger would definitely be resolved.
 “Oh? Rank One Immortal Emperor? No, the Dharma treasure on you is not simple!”
 A voice followed. It was the voice of Ta Tiange.
 Han Jue said, “A mere Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal wants to take in my disciples? Let them go. I can pretend that this didn’t happen.”
 Ta Tiange snorted. “You’re really arrogant. Break through my Mystical Power first!”
 Han Jue raised his hand and stuck out his right middle finger.
 A sword Qi suddenly shot out!
 Heaven Earth Mystic Yellow World Piercing Sword Finger!
 A single finger pierced through the sky!
 The light hole above was torn apart and the darkness around the clearing shattered as if paper was being burned by flames.
 Han Jue and the others landed on a hill.
 They looked up and saw Ta Tiange standing on a white cloud.
 This person wore a Daoist robe. His eyebrows were like curved blades. His eyes were long and narrow, and his facial features were even more sinister.
 Ta Tiange stared at Han Jue and asked in a low voice, “Who are you?”
 (Ta Tiange has developed hatred towards you. Current Hatred Points: 5 stars]
 5 stars!
 Irresolvable except for death!
 Very good, you’re a goner!
 Han Jue didn’t care which sect the other party came from. Sages couldn’t enter the Immortal World, so what was there to be afraid of?
 Han Jue smiled and said, “Who am I? I’m afraid I’ll scare you to death if you hear it!”
 Ta Tiange frowned and asked, “Tell…”
 The Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial Dharma Idol suddenly condensed above Han Jue’s head. Even before it formed, it punched into the sky.
 The terrifying force distorted the sky as if it would collapse at any moment.
 Before Ta Tiange could react, he was crushed by the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial’s fist wind, his body and soul destroyed.
 The Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial dissipated as well. It was so fast that Jiang Yi and the others didn’t even have time to react.
 In their eyes, a strong wind suddenly blew and Ta Tiange was gone.
 Jiang Yi shivered and recalled the scene when he challenged Han Jue in the simulation trial.
 Han Jue retracted his hand and checked his interpersonal relationships. He discovered that the portrait of Ta Tiange was still there. It seemed that this fellow had a life-saving method. His soul fragment was probably left behind in the Chan School.
 Han Jue turned to look at Jiang Yi and the others and said, “Go back as soon as possible. That person’s background is not simple. He didn’t die completely. He will take revenge on you in the future. I won’t save you if there’s a next time.”
 Han Jue turned around and stepped into the black vortex. It shrank and disappeared.
 Everyone came back to their senses.
 The Black Hell Chicken hurriedly shouted, “Hurry up and go back!”
 Jiang Yi nodded. He was no longer the arrogant prodigy of the past and knew the importance of living.
 Ta Tiange’s appearance indicated that the Providence Sect had begun to move and plot against the Immortal World.
 Inside the Daoist temple.
 Han Jue didn’t receive any hatred notifications from the other Chan School mighty figures.
 However, he couldn’t let his guard down.
 If the entire Chan School wanted to deal with him because of this, he could only destroy it completely.
 As long as he stayed in the Dao Field, Han Jue wasn’t afraid of them.
 Without the help of a Sage, the combined forces of the Chan School could not break through the Dao Field’s defense.
 Han Jue began to cultivate.
 A year later.
 He still did not receive any hatred notifications from the Chan School mighty figures. It seemed that Ta Tiange did not publicize this matter.
 The Chan School Sages did not care about this matter.
 Han Jue completely relaxed and focused on cultivating
 Time flew.
 Eighty-six years passed.
 Jiang Yi and the others returned. They didn’t lose a single person. All of them became Immortal Emperors.
 Their return caused the other disciples to rush over and ask curiously.
 They had nothing to do, so they told the tale about being saved by Han Jue. Especially the Black Hell Chicken. It boasted that Han Jue had clearly insta-killed Ta Tiange, but he had blown up the entire world with a single punch. It almost caused the end of the world.
 Han Jue was very satisfied with their attitude. They had said that they would return, which meant that their Dao hearts had already been nurtured and they knew the importance of avoiding danger.
 Several months later.
 A voice resounded through the world.
 “I’m the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate, the Chan School’s Sage. In a hundred years, I will preach the Dao in the 33rd Heaven’s South Extreme Palace. All living beings can come and listen to the Dao!”
 Han Jue couldn’t help but recall Ancestor Xitian’s lecture. It had to be said that the appeal of a Sage’s lecture was still very great.
 However, Han Jue would never go again.
 He had the Great Dao of Extreme Origin and did not need to listen to the Dao of other Sages anymore.
 If he went, he might even be killed by a Sage.
 As for sending his clone, the Heavenly Emperor had said that it was disrespectful to a Sage. It was better not to go.
 Everyone from the Hidden Sect also began to discuss this matter. Without Han Jue’s agreement, they didn’t dare to go.
 Not long after the calamity ended, the terrifying might of the Sages could still be remembered.
 It was precisely because of the battle between the Sages that all living beings were annihilated.
 Who dared to go under such circumstances?
 Just like that, the Hidden Sect ignored the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate’s lecture and continued cultivating.
 Immortal World, overseas, on an island.
 Huang Zuntian stood at the edge of the cliff and looked at the end of the sea.
 A Jie School disciple appeared behind him and knelt down. He asked, “Master, the Chan School’s Sage is preaching. Are we going?”
 Huang Zuntian retracted his gaze and said casually, “If you want to go, feel free.”
 The disciple said, “The relationship between the Jie School and the Chan School…”
 “This is not something you should care about.”
 Huang Zuntian interrupted unhappily.
 The disciple was secretly surprised. Had Master gone mad today?
 Huang Zuntian seemed to realize that his attitude was wrong. His expression softened and he said, “Have you found the Scarlet Cloud World’s whereabouts?”
 The disciple replied, “Almost all the living beings in the mortal world have been slaughtered. There are no living beings. The Heavenly Dao has been restarted. We can’t tell which mortal world the Scarlet Cloud World
 is.”
 Huang Zuntian frowned.
 He didn’t believe that Han Jue would die in the calamity.
 However, he couldn’t deduce where he was.
 Huang Zuntian wanted to return to Han Jue’s side to cultivate peacefully. He had stayed in the Jie School for long enough. Although he was already the vice sect master, he often had no time to cultivate in peace.
 In his opinion, although the Jie School had survived the previous calamity, they would definitely enter the calamity again until the sect was destroyed.
 A bunch of madmen!
 He simply couldn’t continue to stay with them!
 The disciple asked curiously, “Why do you care so much about the mortal world you come from? You’re the vice sect master of the Jie School. It won’t be difficult for you to create another mortal world in the future.”
 Huang Zuntian said with a faint gaze, “Disciple, you don’t understand. Continue the investigation.”
 “Alright!”
 The disciple left with doubts.
 Huang Zuntian sighed and returned to his palace.
 In the blink of an eye, more than ten years had passed.
 Time passed quickly. Unknowingly, Han Jue also welcomed his ten-thousand-year birthday.
 A ten-thousand-year-old Pseudo-Sage. If news of this cultivation speed spread, even Sages would probably be shocked.
 A notification appeared in front of Han Jue, who was cultivating.
 [Detected that you are ten thousand years old and your life has taken another step forward. You have the following choices:]

