 Great!
 Wonderful!
 Han Jue directly took out this Supreme Treasure and started to make it recognize him as its owner.
 He had already accumulated six Great Dao Fragments. The new Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone was definitely for the Book of Misfortune.
 After succeeding, Han Jue took off the Heavenly Pure Dao Control Robe and changed into it.
 As for the Heavenly Constellation Great Dao Robe, he naturally had to leave it to Xing Hongxuan.
 Han Jue wasn’t in a hurry to upgrade the Book of Misfortune. Instead, he started to duplicate the Sage guard.
 The guard could only be chosen from the simulation trial and could not be Han Jue himself.
 He chose Ancestor Xitian.
 [This existence surpasses an ordinary Sage.]
 Han Jue couldn’t help but complain. Weren’t non-ordinary Sages still Sages?
 It seemed that the Sage here was referring to a Heavenly Dao Sage.
 Han Jue asked silently, “In the Heavenly Dao, which Sage is the strongest who is protected by a Sage?”
 (4 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 A face appeared in Han Jue’s mind.
 It was Li Muyi!
 Li Muyi wasn’t a Heavenly Dao Sage, but he was considered an ordinary Sage. This was a little strange.
 However, Han Jue would definitely target him.
 However, Li Muyi’s data was not in the simulation trial. It seemed that he had to go to the 33rd Heaven.
 Before that, he had to become as strong as possible.
 He had to improve his Sword Dao Mystical Powers first!
 Several months later, Han Jue’s Sword Dao Mystical Powers all reached the Sage Realm. He began to cultivate the Grand Unity Aspect.
T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by nov(ê(l)biin.co/m This time, it took fifty years.
 Han Jue had cultivated 25 years of Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols and accumulated a total of 74.
 The newly cultivated Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols were respectively the Heavenly Might Fiendcelestial, Heavenly Boat Fiendcelestial, Mixed Zen Fiendcelestial, Despair Fiendcelestial, Devour Fiendcelestial, Nine Heart Fiendcelestial, Hellfiendcelestial, Firmament Fiendcelestial, Galaxy Fiendcelestial, Horned Fiendcelestial, Holy Fiendcelestial, Rage Fiendcelestial, Dream Dao Fiendcelestial, Profound Dream Fiendcelestial, Domination Fiendcelestial, Myriad Forms Fiendcelestial, Nether Fiendcelestial, Void Fiendcelestial, Giant Fiendcelestial, Myriad Worlds Fiendcelestial, Soul Flame Fiendcelestial, Heavenly Dao Fiendcelestial, and Reincarnation Fiendcelestial.
 Han Jue was very regretful about the Heavenly Dao Fiendcelestial and the Reincarnation Fiendcelestial. Were they among the three thousand fiendcelestials?
 The Heavenly Dao was not formed by Pangu?
 Isn’t Reincarnation formed by Empress Houtu?
 Could they be Chaotic Fiendcelestials that were born later?
 If that was the case, wouldn’t the Heavenly Dao also be able to nurture living beings that could become Fiendcelestials?
 Han Jue felt danger just thinking about it.
 However, he had already become a Sage and could protect himself.
 He began the simulation trial.
 Fuxitian was suppressed and successfully killed an hour later!
 It was mainly the providence of the Heavenly Dao. Han Jue’s Fiendcelestial Dharma Idol could consume the providence of the Heavenly Dao on Fuxitian, but it required time. Han Jue could insta-kill Fuxitian without the Heavenly Dao’s providence.
 Deciding to go all out, he challenged him again. The 74 Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols were all used. The power of the 74 Great Dao attacked.
 He was finally insta-killed!
 Awesome!
 Han Jue began to challenge Ancestor Xitian.
 He was insta-killed. However, this time, it was not a single breath, but a palm.
 In front of Ancestor Xitian, his Dharmic powers were directly obliterated. The difference was just too great. Han Jue didn’t believe in it and challenged Ancestor Xitian crazily.
 Several days later, he gave up.
 The best result was that he lasted for ten breaths of time if all he did was basically hide.
 Sages were undying and indestructible. That was only relative to the living beings. If they encountered existences of a higher level, it would still be a fatal blow.
 Han Jue sighed and thought silently, “If I go to the 33rd Heaven to find Li Muyi, will I die?”
 (4 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 (If you don’t offend Ancestor Xitian, the Sages can’t do anything to you.]
 Han Jue fell into deep thought.
 There was still a risk.
 What if Ancestor Xitian wanted to target him?
 Han Jue asked, “Does Ancestor Xitian have any intention of killing me now?”.
 (100 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 A hundred billion years…
 As expected of you!
 Continue!
 Han Jue gritted his teeth and chose.
 [Not for the time being.)
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief. He stood up and moved to the 33rd Heaven.
 The Sun and Moon Yin-Yang Protection emitted a divine light that shone on his body. The Heavenly Pure Dao Control Robe fluttered.
 Han Jue looked around in the chaos, feeling extremely nervous.
 Ancestor Xitian, don’t suddenly think of messing with me!
 At this moment, figures appeared in front of him.
 Li Muyi, South Extreme Heavenly Venerate, Sage Jin’an, Sect Master Tian Jue, Emperor Xiao, Qiu Xilai, Fuxitian, and Empress Houtu.
 Apart from Sage Fated Secrets, all the Sages who should have come had already arrived.
 Han Jue immediately simulated the trial and copied them down.
 Li Muyi was the first to speak, “Young friend, I didn’t expect you to become a Sage. Did you rely on my Dao Sect’s Primordial Purple Qi?”
 It was his arrangement for Xuan Qingjun to steal the Primordial Purple Qi. However, he did not expect that he would lose control of it later, so he was not sure now.
 Han Jue said, “Why would I need the Primordial Purple Qi to attain the Dao?”
 These words made the Sages silent.
 Empress Houtu sized him up with her beautiful eyes.
 She had succeeded in the gamble!
 She knew that Han Jue’s potential was very strong, but she didn’t expect him to become a Sage. This speed of attaining the Dao was too fast, so fast that it was unreal.
 Han Jue added, “I have no intention of competing with the Sages for providence. I hope that you won’t scheme against me anymore. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being impolite.”
 With that, he disappeared.
 The Sages looked at each other.
 Han Jue jumped back into the Daoist temple.
 He couldn’t walk in the Immortal World. He could feel a powerful repulsive force that could tear him apart at any time.
 Power of the Heavenly Dao!
 After becoming a Sage, Han Jue finally knew how terrifying the Heavenly Dao was!
 No wonder the Sages had to follow the Heavenly Dao’s rules and did not dare to rashly disobey.
 Han Jue began to choose to duplicate the Dao Field guard.
 Without any surprise, he chose Li Muyi!
 It took time to duplicate. Han Jue could wait.
 He took out the Book of Misfortune and the Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone and started to upgrade it.
 After ten years, the Book of Misfortune finally upgraded successfully.
 (Book of Misfortune successfully upgraded to a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure.]
 Han Jue smiled.
 He was a Sage and wielded a Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure. He felt that he could kill a Sage!
 An unprecedented sense of power made him even want to look down on Sages.
 Awesome!
 Han Jue decided not to curse for the time being. Sage Fated Secrets had already gone mad and was better off dead. He was no threat for the time being.
 As for the other Sages, he would wait and see their reaction.
 Han Jue stood up and prepared to preach the Dao for the Hidden Sect.
 At this moment.
 [Sage Jin’an’s hatred towards you has increased. Current Hatred Points: 5 stars]
 Han Jue was stunned.
 This fellow…
 He’s asking to get killed!
 Han Jue didn’t curse immediately. It would easily expose his identity. He would go out and preach the Dao first and curse after some time.
 “I’m preparing to preach the Dao. The disciples of the Hidden Sect are to come and listen!”
 Han Jue’s voice resounded throughout the Hundred Peak Immortal River.
 All the disciples became excited. The day had finally come for the Dao preaching!
 Outside the 33rd Heaven.
 In a dark palace, a mirror floated in front of Sage Jin’an. There was a figure in the mirror that could not be seen clearly.
 “This new Sage is indeed suspicious. He’s the variable that the Dao Ancestor has determined. He will definitely stop our great cause. We have to think of all ways to lure him out of the Heavenly Dao. It’s best to draw him to the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End.”
 A slightly hoarse voice came from the mirror.

