 Ten thousand years ago, a young human family had been slaughtered and experienced all sorts of tribulations. They were filled with hatred for their race. Later, they obtained an opportunity in a certain danger spot and soared into the sky.
 This person was called Xu Dudao. His master was… Immortal Emperor Samsara!
 Han Jue almost forgot about this fellow. He didn’t expect him to still be secretly active.
 Xu Dudao was already at the Deity Realm. He had reached this realm in ten thousand years. His speed was extremely exaggerated, but Han Jue sensed that most of his body was filled with Immortal Emperor Samsara’s Dharmic powers.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara was a Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal!
 It wouldn’t be difficult for him to become a Pseudo-Sage in the future.
 Han Jue ignored Dao Comprehension Sword and left, returning to his Daoist temple.
 He asked in his mind, “Why did Immortal Emperor Samsara support Xu Dudao?” (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Two billion years. Not bad. Immortal Emperor Samsara was something.
 Continue!
 Han Jue’s consciousness fell into the illusion. This was a dark space filled with mist. Immortal Emperor Samsara sat in front of him. His image was mysterious like a shadow.
 At this moment, a figure landed in front of Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 It was Xu Dudao.
 Xu Dudao was unconscious and on the verge of death.
 A voice sounded, “Immortal Emperor Samsara, don’t you want to become a Sage? Support this kid and let him destroy the Human Race. The Human Race will die in your hands. You and I will not shoulder the karma. In the future, I will think of a way to obtain the Primordial Purple Qi for you.”
 Han Jue had a strange expression.
 This voice…
 Emperor Xiao!
 He didn’t expect Emperor Xiao to be behind Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara opened his eyes and revealed two pupils. He asked softly, “How can I believe you?”
 Emperor Xiao said, “You can only believe me. The other Sages don’t think highly of you. You came from the Dao of Reincarnation and Empress Houtu is above you.”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara was silent.
 The illusion shattered and Han Jue opened his eyes.
 Speaking of Immortal Emperor Samsara, Han Jue’s feelings were very complicated. The Immortal Emperor inheritance arranged by the system for him came from Immortal Emperor Samsara. Immortal Emperor Samsara had also plotted against him in the past, but he had not harmed him. His previous clone, Di Taibai, had often helped him.
 After tens of thousands of years, the world had changed. He could already look down on Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 After thinking about it, Han Jue decided to visit Immortal Emperor Samsara in his dreams.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara hid very well, but in the eyes of Sages, he was not hidden. It was very easy to find him.
 In the dream.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara opened his eyes and saw Han Jue, who was emitting divine light. He couldn’t help but frown and ask in a low voice, “Who are you?”
 He was shocked. He had been pulled into a dream without any guard. Even Sages were not as terrifying.
 Han Jue retracted the divine light of the Sun and Moon Yin-Yang Protection and revealed his unparalleled handsome face.
 After seeing his face, Immortal Emperor Samsara was moved.
 Han Jue said, “This is the first time we meet, but it’s not the first time either.”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara was silent.
 After a long while…
 He sighed. “I was right about you, but I’ve also underestimated you.”
 His feelings towards Han Jue were complicated. When Han Jue displayed his potential back then, Immortal Emperor Samsara had paid close attention to him. However, he didn’t expect him to rise too quickly. It was so fast that before he could react, Han Jue had already surpassed him.
 Han Jue said, “Do you need a backing?”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara was stunned. He frowned. “What do you mean?”
 “I also owe you karma. Work for me and I’ll support you.” “Do you know what I want?”
 “Isn’t it just the Sage position?”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara fell silent again.
 Han Jue wasn’t in a hurry and waited patiently.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara looked up and asked, “Why do you trust me?”
 Han Jue stared at him and said, “There are causes and effects. The Heavenly Dao’s karma has its own operation. I know your situation, and it’s not good. You only need to humble yourself and serve me. You should know my temperament. No one in the Hidden Sect is uncomfortable. I’ll only give you this opportunity once. If you still betray me after agreeing, believe me, not only Emperor Xiao, but no Sage can save you.”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara was expressionless, but his heart trembled.
 Han Jue mentioned Emperor Xiao. Could it be…
 Immortal Emperor Samsara took a deep breath and suddenly knelt.
 With this kneel, he relaxed.
 Compared to dignity, he cared more about his future. He really yearned to become a Sage! “I will join you, Sect Master!” Immortal Emperor Samsara said in a deep voice.
 [Immortal Emperor Samsara’s favorability towards you has increased. Current favorability: 4.5 stars]
 Han Jue said, “Don’t interfere in the matter of Xu Dudao. Sever ties with him as soon as possible. Emperor Xiao won’t be affected by karma, but you’re considered Xu Dudao’s master. You will be held responsible. Otherwise, why would the Sages need you as the middleman?”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara smiled bitterly. “Actually, I know, but I have no choice.”
 Han Jue said, “I’ll teach you a Great Dao. Cultivate well. Without my instructions in the future, don’t do anything for the Sages. You’re too weak now. I don’t need you to do anything.”
 With that, he did not say anything else and began to teach the Great Dao of Extreme Origin to Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 This dream lasted for ten years.
 After the dream ended, Immortal Emperor Samsara’s favorability towards Han Jue increased to 5.5 stars.
 The Great Dao of Extreme Origin contained the method to attain the Dao!
 Immortal Emperor Samsara was shocked and glad.
 Fortunately, he agreed to serve Han Jue. Otherwise, he would have missed this opportunity.
 However, when he recalled it, he sighed.
 He didn’t expect that the backing he had been waiting for was actually nurtured by him.
 Karma was truly magical.
 Supporting Immortal Emperor Samsara was just a whim of Han Jue. He didn’t have any expectations for him.
 Even if Immortal Emperor Samsara betrayed him, he could destroy him with a flip of his hand.
 Moreover, as long as Immortal Emperor Samsara cultivated the Great Dao of Extreme Origin, he could forget about betraying him.
 If something happened to Han Jue, everyone cultivating this Dao would suffer together.
 Sages might resist the attraction of the Great Dao of Extreme Origin, but who below the Sages could resist?
 He believed that Immortal Emperor Samsara had already begun to study the Great Dao of Extreme Origin.
 Han Jue was in a good mood. He walked out of the Daoist temple and gathered all the disciples to preach the Dao.
 This lecture lasted for a hundred years.
 A hundred years later.
 After Han Jue finished his lecture, he returned to the Daoist temple.
 He looked outside the Hundred Peak Immortal River.
 More than ten years ago, a Dao Seeker arrived outside the Hundred Peak Immortal River and knelt until now.
 This person was Han Tuo. His son was here to seek the Dao!
 To be honest, Han Jue didn’t want to accept Han Tuo for the time being. He hoped that he would take a different path from him.
 Once Han Tuo entered, the other disciples would definitely guess his and Han Jue’s identities. After the truth was revealed, Han Tuo’s mentality would change. His father was actually a Sage!
 It didn’t matter if his mentality became better or worse.
 Han Jue hoped that Han Tuo could walk his own path to attain the Dao. In any case, in the Heavenly Dao, as long as he was around, no one could kill him.
 Han Tuo opened his eyes and said, “I was invited by the Hidden Sect disciples, Dao Sovereign, Zhou Fan, and Zhao Xuanyuan.”
 It turned out that the two people who had just entered the Chaotic Domain were Yi Tian and Han Tuo.
 Han Jue sent another voice transmission, “If you can rely on yourself to become a Pseudo-Sage in a million years, I, the Sect Master of the Hidden Sect, will directly take you in as my disciple and give you the right to attain the Dao.”

