 A year later, Qiu Xilai couldn’t help but visit Han Jue in his dreams again. In the end, he was ignored.
 At this moment, he realized that his plan had failed.
 Han Jue was definitely terrified!
 Qiu Xilai cursed silently and had no choice but to let the Heavenly Dao Spirit tell Luo Hou to retreat.
 Luo Hou seemed to have his own ambitions. He only retreated after several months of stalemate. The Sages finally heaved a sigh of relief.
 Qiu Xilai and Li Muyi sensed that something was wrong and stopped sending dreams to Han Jue.
 After 89 years, Han Jue finally ended his cultivation after being unable to cultivate a new Fiendcelestial Dharma idol.
 He gained 36 new Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols. They were the Common Fiendcelestial, Concentrated Fiendcelestial, Extreme Speed Fiendcelestial, Fantasy Fiendcelestial, Captive Sleep Fiendcelestial, Annihilation Fiendcelestial, Time Event Fiendcelestial, Savagery Fiendcelestial, Thousand Faces Fiendcelestial, Grand Light Fiendcelestial, Dark Numbness Fiendcelestial, Infinite Fiendcelestial, Unbeatable Fiendcelestial, Screech Fiendcelestial, Soultaker Fiendcelestial, Delusion Fiendcelestial, Strength Fiendcelestial, Inauspicious Fiendcelestial, Immeasurable Fiendcelestial, Heavenly Cycle Fiendcelestial, Chaotic Fiendcelestial, Rotten Flames Fiendcelestial, Plague Fiendcelestial, Emperor Fiendcelestial, Emperor Fiendcelestial, Ultimate Pain Fiendcelestial, Loyalty Fiendcelestial, Black and White Fiendcelestial, Ancient Fiendcelestial, Future Fiendcelestial, Traversal Fiendcelestial, Tidal Origin Fiendcelestial, Purification Fiendcelestial, Unceasing Fiendcelestial, Confusion Fiendcelestial, and Life Fiendcelestial.
 During this breakthrough, he had accumulated 50 Fiendcelestials, totaling 174 Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols!
 Han Jue originally thought that he would be able to learn more Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols during this breakthrough. He didn’t expect
 this.
 He entered the simulation trial to adapt to the power of these Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols.
 Several months later.
 He discovered that the strongest was actually the Strength Fiendcelestial. It could break through all techniques with one move. Coupled with the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial, it was extremely violent and could even be described as invincible! Dao Heavenly Devil and Heavenly Venerate Wufa could no longer withstand a single blow from Han Jue.
 His strength soared! Han Jue began to nurture the Fiendcelestial Qi in his body while thinking about how to deal with Qiu Xilai and Li Muyi.
 That’s right!
 He had to punish them!
 It was easy for him to control these two Sages now.
 Should he use the Primordial Heavenly Prison?
 Should he just kill him? Han Jue was a little hesitant. If he directly killed the two Sages, the existence behind them would definitely notice.
 No, he had to kill one and subdue the other to serve as a warning.
 Otherwise, the other Sages would also find trouble with him in the future!
 Han Jue’s eyes narrowed. He slowly stood up. The Sun and Moon Yin-Yang Protection emitted a dazzling divine light.
 He came to the 33rd Heaven and flew straight towards Li Muyi’s palace. He didn’t conceal his aura. His appearance alerted the other Sages.
 Looking at Han Jue landing in front of Li Muyi’s Dao Field, the Sages were nervous. If he and Li Muyi joined forces, they were afraid…
 Han Jue waved his hand and directly broke through the palace door. The array formation of the Sage Dao Field shattered.
 “Han Jue, what are you doing?!” Li Muyi shouted in anger. He pulled out his sword and prepared to fight.
 Han Jue said coldly, “I didn’t want to kill you. However, since you’re plotting against me, don’t blame me for being impolite!”
 The two Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols were extremely majestic and had terrifying postures.
 They waved their right fists together. The punch was domineering. The Sage Dao Field directly exploded and turned into nothingness. A terrifying wind wreaked havoc in the 33rd Heaven.
 Li Muyi raised his sword and used his Mystical Power to block.
 However, just as he did it, his body was directly obliterated.
 The other Sages were shocked. They didn’t understand why Han Jue attacked Li Muyi, but they couldn’t stand by and watch. What if it was their turn next?
 Qiu Xilai’s expression darkened as he panicked. Could it be that their plan had been exposed? Impossible!
 Unless Han Jue recognized Luo Hou!
 Han Jue raised his hand and grabbed Li Muyi’s Sage Soul. Shocked, Li Muyi struggled hard, but he felt a powerful force restraining him, preventing him from escaping.
 Not only that, but the surrounding space was also imprisoned. He couldn’t move at all!
 Impossible!
 Li Muyi panicked completely. He knew that Han Jue was very strong, but he didn’t expect him to be so powerful. He even suspected that Han Jue was already a Freedom Sage or even stronger. Han Jue snorted. “The black mist that attacked the Immortal World previously was not the Dark Sage at all, but Luo Hou. Qiu Xilai and Li Muyi plotted to trick me out. Today, I’ll kill Li Muyi as a warning to others, lest you still dare to scheme against me in the future! “Just because I don’t deal with you doesn’t mean that I’m afraid of you!”
 Han Jue directly used the Devour Fiendcelestial to devour Li Muyi’s Sage Soul, not giving him a chance to revive.
 The Devour Fiendcelestial could absorb the enemy’s soul and body to strengthen himself. However, Han Jue had only learned the Dharma Idol. After devouring Li Muyi, the increase in his cultivation was almost negligible.
 After Li Muyi died, he looked at Qiu Xilai.
 Moved, Qiu Xilai hurriedly said, “I can explain this to you. Han Jue, don’t forget! I helped you in the previous calamity!” Han Jue instantly appeared in front of him. Qiu Xilai subconsciously used his Mystical Power, and golden light burst out from his body. He was like a golden bell, majestic and divine.
 Boom
 Han Jue shattered the golden bell with his palm and grabbed Qiu Xilai. The Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial and the Strength Fiendcelestial punched out at the same time, crushing Qiu Xilai’s body with absolute domineering power.
 Han Jue used the power of the Imprisonment Fiendcelestial to suppress Qiu Xilai’s Sage Soul and then disappeared from the 33rd Heaven.
 The South Extreme Heavenly Venerate, Sect Master Tian Jue, Emperor Xiao, Fuxitian, and Heavenly Venerate Wufa were all stunned.
 They heard Han Jue’s words clearly. Was the black mist caused by Qiu Xilai and Li Muyi?
 No wonder they said that they wanted to find Han Jue. In the end, Han Jue didn’t attack and the black mist still dissipated.
 Apart from Heavenly Venerate Wufa, the other four Sages had extremely complicated emotions. They felt lucky, but also a chill.
 No matter what, Qiu Xilai and Li Muyi were considered Sages of the same batch as them.
 Inside the Daoist temple.
 Han Jue suppressed Qiu Xilai’s soul in the Primordial Heavenly Prison. The other party no longer cared about his face and kept begging for mercy. He didn’t have the bearing of a Sage at all.
 Han Jue ignored him and patiently waited for the time to pass.
 After begging for several hours, Qiu Xilai finally calmed down.
 Since Han Jue didn’t kill him, he still had hope.
 Han Jue called Zhang Jue in to guard Qiu Xilai’s soul to prevent him from escaping.
 At the same time, the news of Han Jue killing two Sages spread among the major factions in the Immortal World. There were not only Sages in the 33rd Heaven, but also many Dao Seekers. There were even disciples of the various major factions in the Chaotic City.
 13th Heaven.
 Li Daokong and Li Xuan’ao gathered in a hall.
 Li Xuan’ao smiled bitterly. “I didn’t expect Master to die…”
 Li Daokong sighed.
 Li Muyi was the master who raised them, and Han Jue was their new master. They couldn’t say anything.
 “Master probably did something. Otherwise, Sect Master wouldn’t have attacked in anger. You should know his personality,” Li Xuan’ao said helplessly.
 Li Daokong glanced at him. Although he knew that Li Xuan’ao was telling the truth and that Han Jue was indeed not a bloodthirsty person, this junior brother deliberately spoke for Han Jue in such a situation. It was quite disappointing
 This useless junior only knew how to take sides!

