 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du retracted his gaze and faced the Sages. He said slowly, “I have my own conclusion regarding Li Muyi’s death. The most important thing now is to stabilize the Heavenly Dao’s providence. Recently, the providence has been in chaos. Order needs to be consolidated. No more trouble is allowed for the time being.”
 The Sages heaved a sigh of relief. This suited their intentions.
 They didn’t want to fight with Han Jue.
 They even felt that Han Jue was not weaker than Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du.
 The outcome also proved this. Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du did not dare to compete with?him.
 Then, Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du stopped being polite and raised his hand to signal the Sages to leave.
 After the Sages left, the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate found Empress Houtu and said, “Your karma with Han Jue is the deepest. What do you think he feels towards us?”
 The other Sages also surrounded him. Qiu Xilai and Heavenly Venerate Wufa were secretly vigilant. If Empress Houtu dared to be disrespectful to Han Jue, they would scheme against her.
 After experiencing the Primordial Heavenly Prison, they were absolutely loyal to Han Jue, but they wouldn’t lose their personality and thinking
 This change was very terrifying. Even Sages couldn’t realize this.
 Empress Houtu replied, “How would I know? However, if you don’t target him, he shouldn’t care about you. This child has the Great Dao in his heart and doesn’t have time to scheme against others. You have also figured out Li Muyi’s death. If it were you, what would you do?”
 Thinking of something, she said meaningfully, “Han Jue can see through Qiu Xilai and Li Muyi’s schemes. It’s worth thinking about. His Mystical Power is far beyond ours.”
 With that said, Empress Houtu vanished.
 The Sages looked at each other.
 690 years later.
 Han Jue opened his eyes, and lines of words appeared in front of him.
 (Detected that you are 70,000 years old and your life has taken another step forward. You have the following choices:] [1: Go to the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End immediately and unify the Great Dao. You can obtain a Sage-level Dao Field guard, a Great Dao Fragment, a Supreme Treasure, and a Mystical Power inheritance.] [2: Cultivate in a low-profile manner and stay away from conflict. Maintain your original intention. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment, a Mystical Power inheritance, and a Supreme Treasure.]
 Han Jue cursed silently. The dog system was luring him again!
 He directly chose the second option.
 [You chose to cultivate in a low-profile manner and obtained a Great Dao Fragment, a Mystical Power inheritance, and a Supreme Treasure.]
 [Congratulations on obtaining the Mystical Power-Dharma Idol Fusion Technique]
 [Dharma Idol Fusion Technique: Special Mystical Power. You can fuse the Dharma Idol you cast into the main body and fuse the two powers into one.)
 [Congratulations on obtaining the Chaotic Supreme Treasure—Heaven-Opening Axe]
 (Heaven-Opening Axe: Chaotic Supreme Treasure, one of the Birth Dharma treasures of the Chaotic Fiendcelestial Pangu. It has the power to devour the providence of the Chaotic Fiendcelestials and can split the world.)
 Heaven-Opening Axe! Han Jue’s eyes widened.
 What level was a Chaotic Supreme Treasure?
 In Han Jue’s understanding, Dharma treasures were divided into Numinous Treasures and Supreme Treasures according to the major realms.
 Zenith Heaven Numinous Treasure, Zenith Heaven Supreme Treasure, Heavenly Dao Numinous Treasure, Heavenly Dao Supreme Treasure, Freedom Numinous Treasure, Freedom Supreme Treasure!
 Could the Chaotic Supreme Treasure be higher than the Freedom Realm?
 Han Jue felt dizzy from the immense happiness. Was this an invincible cheat?
 On second thought, Pangu did not only have the Heaven-Opening Axe, and the Dao Ancestor also had the Jade Slip of Creation. If they had such a Supreme Treasure before attaining the Dao, wouldn’t it be even more of a cheat?
 Han Jue was curious and asked, “System, how did you collect these Supreme Treasures?”
 Could it be that the system was formed by the Dao Ancestor?
 Han Jue couldn’t help but suspect the system’s origin.
 [The system is only a support. You need to be strong enough to understand the system’s origin. The system doesn’t know its own origin currently.]
 The system’s answer was still so firm and emotionless.
 However, this made Han Jue relax.
 It would be terrifying if the system had its own will.
 Of course, the system might be pretending now, but Han Jue chose to believe it. If not for it, he wouldn’t be here today.
 In any case, he had been cultivating in peace. It was fine as long as the system did not lure him out.
 Apart from the Heaven-Opening Axe, the Dharma Idol Fusion Technique was also very strong. It was unknown how many Dharma Idols he could fuse at the same time.
 Han Jue first took out the Heaven-Opening Axe and prepared to make it recognize him as its owner.
 The Heaven-Opening Axe was larger than his entire body. The body of the axe was vast, and tiny figures were carved on it. Their postures were different as if they were in a chaotic battle. Holding the Heaven-Opening Axe, Han Jue felt that it was heavy and almost couldn’t hold it steady.
 He was a Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal, but he couldn’t hold it steady!
 As expected of a Chaotic Supreme Treasure!
 Han Jue began to make it recognize him as its owner.
 After a year, the Heaven-Opening Axe finally recognized him as its owner. It was even harder than the Killing Dao Token.
 Han Jue continued to inherit the Dharma Idol Fusion Technique.
 Several days later, he grasped this technique and began the simulation trial.
 He directly fused with the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial Dharma Idol and wielded the Heaven-Opening Axe. He killed Heavenly Venerate Wufa with one strike.
 He began the trial again. This time, he fused with the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial and the Strength Fiendcelestial. His strength increased again, and he easily killed Heavenly Venerate Wufa.
 Han Jue kept trying.
 He discovered that fusing with the Fiendcelestial Dharma Idol was not the result of completely overlapping. Most of the Chaotic Fiendcelestials’ powers were fundamentally different. The Dharma Idol Fusion Technique only fused the advantages. After fusing with the same type of Fiendcelestial power, it was not the effect of one plus one equals two. For example, the Heavenly Constellation Fiendcelestial and the Strength Fiendcelestial combined were only equivalent to one plus one equals 1.5.
 But this was already not bad!
 Han Jue was very satisfied. He could at most fuse with five Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols and master the power of these Fiendcelestials. Any more and his body wouldn’t be able to withstand it.
 Han Jue continued to enjoy the battle. He wanted to completely master the Dharma Idol Fusion Technique and try the effect of fusing different Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols together.
 In a mysterious space.
 Figures that shone with different lights appeared out of thin air.
 They all looked in the same direction. It was a point of light that looked like stars changing in the darkness.
 “This Great Dao is becoming stronger again. This growth speed is extraordinary.”
 “Is it derived from nature or is it an owned Great Dao?”
 “I’m not sure. I can’t see through it.”
 “Observe again. I keep feeling that this Great Dao will affect the Chaos.”
 “I think so, too.”
 These figures discussed in low voices. After a while, they vanished again.
 The point of light in the darkness still shone lonely as it continued to strengthen itself.
 Time passed quickly.
 834 years passed.
 Han Jue, who was cultivating, suddenly heard a cry. It didn’t come from the Hundred Peak Immortal River but from the distant mortal world.
 “Ancestor Han Tuo, I beg you to show yourself. Our Han family is about to be wiped out. Can you really bear to sit by and watch?”
 “Why can other families invite immortals from the Upper World? Our Han family has an Immortal God Ancestor, but he ignores us?”
 “Why! Why!”
 “Our Han family has been wandering for more than a thousand years, struggling at death’s door. Why won’t the heavens spare us?!”
 The voice was filled with despair.
 Han Jue looked over and saw that in a barren mountain range, a youth was kneeling on the ground and roaring at the sky. Tears kept falling. Many corpses could be seen lying around him.
 Han Jue could deduce at a glance that those corpses were the children of the Han family.
 He looked at Han Tuo again.
 At this moment, Han Tuo was imprisoned in the Nine Nether Purgatory and was enduring the burning of the Nine Nether Flame. He was in extreme pain.

