 What a good method of ambush!
 He had to figure it out!
 Qiu Xilai replied, “I’m not sure, either. This Mystical Power is similar to a dream, but it’s not a dream. It will pull me into another space and attack me. All the damage I suffer will be completely transmitted to my body and soul.”
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows. “In that space, can you resist?”
 “Yes, but there will be some restrictions.”
 “Did Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du say anything to you?”
 “He didn’t say anything. He didn’t seem to want to provoke you, so he didn’t mention
 you.”
 “Yes, report to me if anything happens.”
 “Understood.”
 Han Jue left the dream.
 He opened his eyes and frowned.
 He hesitated for a moment before suddenly jumping out of the Hundred Peak Immortal River and arriving at the 33rd Heaven. In front of Li Muyi’s Dao Field, he quickly used the simulation trial to copy Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du’s cultivation.
 “Why are you here, fellow Daoist?” Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du’s voice floated out, his tone calm.
 Han Jue disappeared after saying, “I’m just passing by. I won’t disturb your cultivation.”
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du was originally very vigilant, but Han Jue calling him senior softened his expression. He didn’t like Li Muyi’s hypocrisy. After understanding the situation, he felt that Li Muyi deserved it. However, when Han Jue dealt with the Human School, he subconsciously treated him as an enemy. Now, it seemed that Han Jue might not be an enemy. But was this fellow really just passing by?
 Impossible!
 “Could it be that he checked my cultivation level and realized that he was no match for me, so he retreated?”
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du frowned as he thought that it was very likely.
 He hoped that this fellow could appreciate it. Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du originally did not want to come to the Heavenly Dao. He wanted to spend more time on cultivation.
 On the other side.
 Han Jue returned to the Daoist temple and started the simulation trial to challenge Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du alone.
 After ten breaths of time, he finally killed the other party.
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 This fellow’s Mystical Power was impressive!
 He could actually extract his consciousness and pull it into another space. Fortunately, Han Jue used the power of the Shattering Fiendcelestial to directly shatter that mysterious space. He held the Heaven-Opening Axe and killed Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du in one strike.
 No!
 Ten breaths were too long!
 If Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du still had help, Han Jue’s true body might be killed. Han Jue continued the simulation trial and looked for a way to insta-kill the Heavenly Venerate.
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du was worthy of being a perfected Heavenly Dao Sage. He was indeed powerful. Han Jue even suspected that his cultivation level had been suppressed, just like how Heavenly Venerate Wufa was a Freedom Sage. In order to enter the Heavenly Dao, he had suppressed his cultivation to the Heavenly Dao Sage.
 No matter what, Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du was a Heavenly Dao Sage now!
 After seven simulation trials, Han Jue finally found a way.
 In the beginning, he would first use the Dharma Idol Fusion Technique to fuse with the Guardian Fiendcelestial and the Barrier Fiendcelestial. He would directly isolate Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du’s mysterious Mystical Power and insta-kill him.
 As a Sage, he could do many things in an instant.
 After finding a way to insta-kill the Heavenly Venerate, Han Jue felt refreshed and relaxed.
 He didn’t plan to deal with Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du as long as this fellow did not provoke him.
 Killing Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du would definitely attract stronger existences, and sooner or later, terrifying mighty figures would come.
 Han Jue didn’t want to kill the enemy and level up. It was too tiring.
 He was about to cultivate when Han Zuitian came to visit.
 He had already figured out Han Jue’s seclusion pattern. Most of the time, he would end his seclusion once every thousand years.
 Han Jue let him in. Just like before, he came to report the living beings whose potential had reached the limit. This time, there were 8,000 Immortal Emperors, and their cultivation couldn’t increase anymore.
 Reaching the Emperor Realm in tens of thousands of years, one seemed to have outstanding potential, but they had to consider the Spirit Qi in the Dao Field and Han Jue’s lecture from time to time.
 “Grandmaster, are we still letting them reinforce the Heavenly Race this time?” Han Zuitian asked.
 Han Jue asked, “What do you think?”
 Since this kid asked, he definitely had other intentions.
 Han Zuitian said, “I learned from the Myriad Worlds Projection that the Heavenly Race has already dominated the Immortal World and no longer needs the Hidden Sect’s support. If we help the Heavenly Race become stronger, I’m afraid it won’t be a good thing. The Heavenly Race is too powerful and will encounter the combined resistance of other factions. In addition, the Heavenly Race might become arrogant internally. The in-name disciples we send might also change their minds.”
 Han Jue was amused.
 This kid had always been in the Hidden Sect, but he could see through people’s hearts. Could it be his talent?
 “Then what do you think?”
 “Like the initial batch of in-name disciples, we will send them to hide in various worlds. In addition, we can choose a leader and pull him into the Myriad Worlds Projection so that we can communicate with him at any time.”
 “Yes, you can arrange it.”
 Han Jue’s words were equivalent to raising his status. Compared to the other disciples who only knew how to cultivate diligently, he could do things for Han Jue and was naturally more confident.
 Several days later.
 The eight thousand Immortal Emperors each chose eight leaders and entered the personal disciples’ tutelage. They could be considered to have officially become the personal disciples of the Hidden Sect. Han Jue then pulled them into the Myriad Worlds Projection and divided them into eight batches. They were sent by the Fusang Tree to different worlds. At this point, the Hidden Sect already had nine branches outside the Heavenly Dao.
 The batch of Immortal Emperors who left the earliest had already taken root and even become a powerful sect. Their providence was flourishing
 The Fusang Tree had also connected to some mortal worlds recently, but Han Jue felt that there was no point in exploring them.
 The worlds outside the Heavenly Dao were created by Sages, Pseudo-Sages, and Zenith Heaven. The world’s strength was related to the cultivation of the creator. There were also worlds that were naturally formed, but they were far inferior to the Heavenly Dao.
 So far, Han Jue didn’t know how many worlds were hidden outside the Heavenly Dao.
 It was always good to know more.
 After arranging all of this, Han Jue began to cultivate in seclusion again.
 He had to reach the perfected Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm by the time he reached 100,000 years of age!
 After that, he could look forward to the Freedom Sage Realm!
 Outside the 33rd Heaven, Great Ultimate Hall.
 Unlike the other Sage Dao Fields, the surroundings of the Great Ultimate Hall were filled with mist. It was faintly discernible and very mysterious.
 In the hall.
 Ancestor Xitian, Seven Dao Sage, Jade Bodhi, and Dijun gathered again.
 Dijun teased. “I’ll accept your Great Dao Nirvana. Perhaps I’ll have a few more Sages who can attain the Dao through strength.”
 Seven Dao Sage snorted. “Han Jue is indeed not simple. I suspect that he has the support of a mighty figure.”
 Ancestor Xitian shook his head.
 “It’s fine as long as he’s not a Primordial Fiendcelestial.” Jade Bodhi chuckled.
 Seven Dao Sage asked, “How do you know that?”
 Jade Bodhi said, “The Primordial Fiendcelestial will bring calamity to the Chaos. The Dao Ancestor has deduced that the Primordial Fiendcelestial will rise by stepping on the Chaotic Fiendcelestial. Han Jue has always been in seclusion and is always forced to make a move. He’s nothing like the Primordial Fiendcelestial. I feel that he’s more like a Chaotic Fiendcelestial. Didn’t Fellow Daoist Xitian say that he can use Chaotic Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols?”
 Seven Dao Sage was silent.
 Ancestor Xitian said, “Recently, those fellows from the Dark Forbidden Zone have been restless. All of you should stay away from them and protect the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End. Jade Bodhi, you have to pay more attention to the Dark Forbidden Zone’s regulation. Don’t always stare at the Immortal World and the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End. The Buddhist Sect is already powerful enough. There’s no need to scheme anymore.”

