 He cast a spell, and his Dharmic powers transformed into a clone. Suppressing his cultivation to the Pseudo-Sage Realm, he went to find Han Yu.
 In the valley.
 Han Yu wore a purple-blue robe and had a handsome face. His long hair scattered casually as he sat under the tree. His aura was like the surrounding flowers and trees. The scene was extremely peaceful.
 Han Jue appeared under the tree beside him. The tree’s shade covered his face.
 He stared at Han Yu and did not disturb him immediately.
 After a thousand years, Han Yu had already lost his childishness. It had to be said that he was really like Han Jue.
 Looking at Han Yu, Han Jue felt like he was looking at his past self.
 It was not only his looks but also his cultivation style.
 He was extremely cautious and reliable!
 The more Han Jue looked at him, the more satisfied he was. He even wanted to bring Han Yu to the Hundred Peak Immortal River.
 But on second thought, no, Han Tuo had yet to be brought back.
 Han Jue couldn’t help but laugh at himself.
 No wonder grandpas often liked their grandsons more than their sons.
 Han Jue looked at Han Yu for a while before calling out to him.
 Han Yu jumped up in fear. A wooden spear appeared in his hand, and he looked at Han Jue warily.
 Seeing this, Han Jue wanted to laugh.
 After becoming a Sage, he rarely encountered anything that made him laugh.
 “It’s you!”
 Han Yu’s eyes widened in shock.
 Han Jue smiled and asked, “You still remember me?”
 Han Yu nodded. “You came to me a thousand years ago wanting to teach me a cultivation technique.”
 “Then, do you regret it?”
 “To be honest, I once regretted it, but I don’t regret it now. I’m very satisfied with my cultivation.” “I’ll give you another chance. Do you agree?” Han Yu fell silent.
 Han Jue wasn’t in a hurry. He waited patiently. As he did, his main body looked at the nine heavens.
 Fang Liang was still absorbing the natural source of the world. The Sages actually couldn’t sense it, and no one came to stop him. This puzzled Han Jue. Han Jue asked silently, “Why is Fang Liang doing this?”
 (Ten billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Ten billion years?
 This was already equivalent to the value of the Heavenly Dao!
 Han Jue immediately chose to continue.
 He did not enter an illusion. Instead, a line of words appeared in front of him.
 [Fang Liang: Late-stage Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm, Dao Ancestor Inheritor, Master of the Heavenly Court, Immeasurable Emperor. He is currently fusing with the Dao Ancestor’s will. Once the fusion succeeds, he will become the Dao Ancestor.]
 Han Jue’s eyes widened. Become the Dao Ancestor?
 What was the meaning of this?
 And his cultivation level increased so quickly!
 “Is Fang Liang possessed?” [It’s not possession, but a fusion. This fusion cannot be analyzed with the system’s current strength.]
 Fusion…
 Han Jue frowned and asked, “If the fusion succeeds, will Fang Liang become my enemy?”.
 [It cannot be deduced for the time being. It involves an existence that surpasses the system’s limits.] “How strong will Fang Liang be after the fusion?”
 (Ten billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 (Perfected Pseudo-Sage]
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief.
 Fortunately!
 Fang Liang couldn’t threaten him.
 However, this leap was truly ridiculous. As expected of the Dao Ancestor.
 At this moment.
 Han Yu replied, “I still refuse your kind intentions. I want to see how far I can go by myself. I don’t want to rely on others.”
 He spoke very sincerely, and his eyes became extremely firm. Han Jue said angrily, “How far can you go by yourself?”
 Although Han Yu couldn’t see his expression, he could guess from his tone that the other party should be very dissatisfied.
 “I’m not sure, either. Perhaps I can reach the Grand Unity Heaven Immortal Realm.” When Han Yu said these words, his eyes revealed a hint of confidence.
 Han Jue sighed. Grand Unity Heaven Immortal…
 To mortals, Grand Unity Heaven Immortal was indeed impressive, like an immortal.
 Han Jue smiled. “Is that so? Since you rejected me, I have to teach you a Dao technique!”
 He suddenly attacked and sucked Han Yu in front of him.
 Han Yu’s eyes widened, and he subconsciously resisted. Han Jue pointed at his forehead.
 Boom
 Han Yu’s mind exploded and he froze on the spot.
 After a long while…
 When Han Yu woke up, it was already late at night.
 He was the only one left in the valley. Han Jue was long gone.
 Han Yu was stunned.
 “Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique…”
 …
 In the Daoist temple of the Hundred Peak Immortal River.
 Han Jue sent a dream to Fang Liang.
 In the dream.
 Fang Liang opened his eyes and immediately bowed when he saw him. Han Jue asked, “What are you doing?” Fang Liang replied, “Absorbing the Heavenly Dao’s providence. I…”
 He suddenly hesitated, not knowing if he should answer.
 Han Jue didn’t point it out either, hoping that Fang Liang could say it himself.
 After struggling for a while, Fang Liang gritted his teeth and said, “To be honest, Grandmaster, I might become the Dao Ancestor.”
 “Become the Dao Ancestor?”
 Han Jue pretended to be confused. Fang Liang took a deep breath and said seriously, “I’ve long been chosen by the Dao Ancestor. He taught me the Mystical Power of the Primordial World and wants to support me into his avatar. Once I succeed, I’ll transform into the Dao Ancestor and control the Heavenly Dao.
 “Now, I can no longer repay you, Grandmaster. If I succeed, I will definitely take care of the Hidden Sect in the future and repay your kindness. If not for you changing my fate, I would have died long ago, much less be chosen by the Dao Ancestor.”
 Han Jue asked, “After becoming the Dao Ancestor, will you still be you?” Fang Liang said, “The Dao Ancestor said that I’ll still be me, but I’ll take over the Dao Ancestor’s identity. I chose to believe him.”
 “Have you really decided?”
 “I hope Grandmaster can agree.”
 “In that case, it’s up to you,” Han Jue said. He took a step forward and reached out to Fang Liang’s shoulder.
 “Unknowingly, you’re already so old.”
 Han Jue sighed. He was not acting. He was really sighing.
 When the two of them first met, Fang Liang was only a youth.
 After 70,000 years, not many people had lived together since the Reroll World. Han Jue still cherished it.
 However, everyone had their own ambitions. Han Jue didn’t want to force Fang Liang.
 Fang Liang felt bitter when he heard that. His expression became complicated. He did not cry. He was once the Heavenly Emperor, after all. He was no longer a mortal.
 The two of them looked at each other in silence.
 The dream ended.
 Han Jue’s consciousness returned to reality.
 He muttered to himself, “He can already hold his own.
 “I want to know if the Dao Ancestor deceived Fang Liang.” [It involves an existence that surpasses the system’s limits. It cannot be deduced.]
 Indeed.
 Han Jue had to change his question.
 “What will Fang Liang do when the next calamity begins?”
 (2 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 Han Jue fell into an illusion.
 When he opened his eyes again, he arrived outside the 33rd Heaven. A majestic palace could be seen ahead. It was larger than all the Sage Dao Fields. It emitted purple light and was solemn and mysterious.
 Three words were carved on a plaque.
 Purple Firmament Palace!
 The scene in front of Han Jue shrank. He came to Purple Firmament Palace and Fang Liang, who was dressed in a Daoist robe, sat on the 36th-grade Green Lotus Seat.
 The current Fang Liang had white hair. Although his face was still young, he was very different from the Fang Liang that Han Jue knew.
 This aura was extremely similar to Ancestor Xitian!

