 When fighting for Supreme Treasures in various mystic realms, the Divine Palace’s performance was eye-catching. In the same realm, very few cultivators could defeat the Divine Palace disciples.
 The Divine Palace’s reputation became stronger, and more and more prodigies joined?it.
 During this period of time, Han Tuo had been cultivating in seclusion.
 Jing Tiangong was increasingly dissatisfied with him, thinking that he had not contributed to the Divine Palace. However, Zhang Guxing favored Han Tuo, so Jing Tiangong could do nothing
 Although Jing Tiangong was a Pseudo-Sage, his identity was very awkward because he had betrayed the Jie School. Other than the Divine Palace, he had nowhere to go.
 Two thousand years passed in the blink of an eye.
 Han Jue walked out of the Daoist temple and started to preach the Dao for the Hidden Sect.
 Just like before, he preached for a hundred years.
 After the lecture, Han Jue brought Li Xuan’ao back to the Daoist temple.
 Several decades ago, Li Xuan’ao had returned, but Han Jue did not want to interrupt the lecture, so he did not say anything after moving him in. Li Xuan’ao was also very sensible. He began to listen to the Dao the moment he entered and did not disturb anyone.
 Li Xuan’ao suddenly woke up. Seeing him, he immediately knelt down.
 Han Jue asked, “Why are you back?”
 Li Xuan’ao said, “The Heavenly Race has already stabilized. There’s no need for me to help them anymore. I wanted to return to cultivate and increase my cultivation. I can also help you deal with matters when I’m stronger.”
 Han Jue stared at him and didn’t reply immediately.
 Li Xuan’ao was very calm, but facing Han Jue’s gaze, he still felt inexplicably guilty.
 “That’s fine. Although your potential is far inferior to your senior, you’re more multi-talented than him. I happen to need your talent. The Hidden Sect’s internal affairs require your management,” Han Jue said. Li Xuan’ao was relieved. Han Jue didn’t say anything else and waved his hand to signal him to leave. Li Xuan’ao bowed and left. He was in a good mood on the way back.
 After staying in the Heavenly Race for a long time, he suddenly felt that it was meaningless. Although the Heavenly Race was rapidly becoming stronger, he knew that Han Jue was behind this.
 He wanted to stand beside Han Jue and look down at the Heavenly Dao Go board from a higher angle.
 He believed that Han Jue’s vision was not only limited to the Immortal World.
 On the other side.
 Han Jue was reading the emails.
 Some were attacked, some obtained opportunities, and some learned Mystical Powers. There were all sorts of things, and Han Jue watched with relish.
 At this moment. “I am the Human School’s Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du. Three hundred years later, I will preach the Dao in the Universal Hall outside the 33rd Heaven. All living beings can come and listen to the Dao!”
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du began to move!
 Han Jue could already insta-kill him, so he was not too worried.
 He looked at Fang Liang because of this.
 Fang Liang was still fusing with the Dao Ancestor.
 This kid had already attained the perfected Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm. It was too exaggerated.
 The enlightenment of the Heavenly Dao’s Origin was indeed impressive.
 Han Jue suddenly had a bold thought.
 “If I imprison Fang Liang in the Primordial Heavenly Prison, will the Dao Ancestor notice and stop me?” [The Dao Ancestor is above the limits of the Dao Field and will definitely sense it. As for whether he will stop it, the system cannot derive it.]
 Han Jue could only give up.
 He couldn’t offend the Dao Ancestor rashly for the time being
 Han Jue turned his gaze to Han Yu.
 This guy had already reached the cultivation level of a Grand Unity Heaven Immortal. It was not bad. The Six Paths of Reincarnation Technique had indeed transformed him completely.
 However, compared to his ancestor Han Tuo, Han Yu was still far inferior.
 Han Tuo had already stepped into the Deity Realm and was still cultivating in seclusion.
 All living beings cultivated cultivation techniques, while he cultivated the Great Dao. His cultivation method was already comparable to a Sage. How could his cultivation speed not be fast?
 Han Tuo and Han Yu were both in seclusion, so Han Jue didn’t have the experience of watching dramas. However, their will still satisfied him.
 Speaking of which, Han Jue had another descendant.
 Han Tuo’s daughter, Han Xinyuan. Han Xinyuan had died a long time ago, but she was accepted by the King of Hell Yang Tiandong. She was currently in the netherworld as a ghost servant. Yang Tiandong knew Han Tuo, so he accepted her.
 Han Jue didn’t pay too much attention to Han Xinyuan.
 Anyway, she was safe for the time being.
 Since Han Jue had nothing to do, he looked at Han Xinyuan.
 Han Xinyuan’s job was very simple. She helped Yang Tiandong record the life and death of a certain world. There were several ghost servants in the same position, and they did their own things. It was not tiring.
 At this moment, Han Xinyuan was cultivating in her residence.
 Han Jue looked at her and did not feel a sense of intimacy.
 Han Xinyuan was not like Han Tuo and was probably similar to her mother.
 After watching for a while, Han Jue lost interest.
 As for giving Han Xinyuan some advice, he felt that there was no need for it for the time being. It was only because Han Xinyuan did not have much desire for power.
 Then, Han Jue closed his eyes and continued cultivating
 The descendants had their own blessing. He had to constantly become stronger in order to protect his descendants and the people around him.
 Most importantly, he had to protect himself!
 In the netherworld, Underworld.
 Yang Tiandong had just finished investigating a vengeful spirit case and could not help but sigh.
 Such days were too boring. He began to feel tormented.
 Ever since he became the King of Hell, he had no time to cultivate. Occasionally, mighty figures from the world of the living came to cause trouble and wanted to use him to increase their battle achievements and become famous in the heavens.
 At this moment, a figure flew into the hall.
 Yang Tiandong looked up and was stunned. He smiled and said, “Why are you here?”
 It was Han Tuo.
 After stepping into the Deity Realm, Han Tuo already had the aura of an expert. The surrounding ghost servants couldn’t help but shiver when they sensed his aura.
 Han Tuo smiled and said, “I’m here to visit an old friend. If not for the King of Hell’s help, I would have died long ago.”
 Yang Tiandong smiled teasingly. “I think you know that your daughter is here, right?”
 Han Tuo cupped his fists and smiled. “Thank you for your kind treatment, King of Hell. Otherwise, my daughter would have long fallen into the cycle of reincarnation and severed the karma between us. I want to see her. After all, she’s the only family I have left in this world.”
 At the mention of Han Xinyuan, Han Tuo felt guilty.
 He had indeed forgotten about her all these years. He wondered how she was doing.
 “She’s not the only relative you have.” Yang Tiandong supported his chin with both hands and smiled faintly.
 Stunned, Han Tuo asked in surprise, “Could it be that I still have descendants living?”
 Yang Tiandong shook his head and laughed.
 Not only descendants.
 Your father is still alive!
 Perhaps you have other siblings, too!
 Yang Tiandong didn’t dare to say it, afraid that he would disturb Han Jue’s plan. He only said, “You also have a descendant named Han Yu. He’s already a Grand Unity Heaven Immortal. If you pity him, you can take him into the Divine Palace. Ever since the Han family was wiped out, he has little karma and has always been alone.”
 At the mention of Han Yu, he thought of Han Jue.
 Han Jue was the same back then. Speaking of which, Han Yu was much more like Han Jue.
 “Han Yu…”
 Han Tuo’s eyes flickered as he silently remembered this name.
 Immortal World, in the seas.
 On a vast island, millions of transformed living beings sat on the mountains and plains, listening to the Dao.
 At this moment, the Sect Master of the Jie School, Huang Zuntian, stood in front of his Daoist temple and looked at the mighty figure he had invited from afar. Looking at the current Jie School, he was filled with pride.
 Although he had no choice but to become the Sect Master, under his leadership, the Jie School became stronger and stronger. They already had the right to look forward to the Immortal World!
 A figure landed in front of him.
 It was a disciple. He knelt in front of Huang Zuntian and said, “Master, the Heavenly Ancestor has already agreed to your alliance plan and is willing to destroy the demons together.”

