 This method was a little familiar as if he had seen it somewhere before.
 Han Jue was secretly curious.
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du continued, “Many mighty figures in the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End have tried such methods. The effect is not bad. Furthermore, with them in front, it’s very difficult for us to be suspected. We will choose a batch of living beings and attract them to do missions as a reward. We will erase the Earth Immortal World’s River of Destiny. When the River of Destiny is in chaos and the Heavenly Dao collapses, the Earth Immortal World will belong to us.”
 Wasn’t this the… Overgod Space?
 Infinity genre?
 Han Jue asked, “After success, who will the Earth Immortal World belong to?”
 “We can just create a force. We don’t have to personally participate in this to prevent us from being unable to escape karma.”
 Han Jue cursed silently.
 It meant that if the matter was exposed, they could shift the blame.
 Han Jue asked, “It’s impossible for Zhen Yuanzi not to notice, right? This matter is still too dangerous. I don’t want to participate.” Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du said, “Zhen Yuanzi nurtured the Destruction Fiendcelestial with the intention to kill. If we obtain the Earth Immortal World, we will have a huge opportunity. My master guessed that the Earth Immortal World has the inheritance of the Dao Ancestor, but Zhen Yuanzi doesn’t know this. If we obtain the Earth Immortal World, we can develop a second Heavenly Dao and have an extra path of life.” Han Jue asked, “Who else did you find?”
 “You and I are enough.”
 Han Jue asked silently in his mind, “Is what Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du said true?”
 (4 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 (He’s not lying.)
 He was not lying? This meant that the content might not be true. Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du might only be guessing.
 However, it was fine as long as Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du was sincere.
 “I have to consider this. You shouldn’t be in a hurry, right?” Han Jue said. Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du nodded. “I’ll wait for you, but it can’t be more than a thousand years at most. I’ve already begun to create it.”
 “Alright!”
 The dream ended.
 Han Jue opened his eyes and asked in his mind, “I want to know what the outcome will be if I trust Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du and follow him?”
 (4 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue! Han Jue entered an illusion.
 He came to a mysterious hall. It was a thousand feet wide and ten thousand feet long. The walls of the hall were transparent, and one could see the resplendent galaxy. Looking up, the top of the hall surged with Chaotic Qi. Looking forward, statues of different postures were standing on both sides.
 Han Jue saw Su Qi standing opposite a mysterious man.
 The mysterious man said, “The providence already belongs to us. Next, we can attack other space and annex other Little Heavenly Dao.”
 Su Qi said, “Let’s wait a little longer. The Reincarnators are still too weak. They can’t compare to other space.”
 “They aren’t cultivating to gain strength in the first place. How can they wait?”
 Su Qi was about to answer when the hall suddenly shook violently.
 A terrifying pressure descended. The surging Chaotic Qi at the top of the hall transformed into a huge face. Only its facial features could be seen, making it difficult to see its true appearance.
 “Hmph, how dare you steal my Earth Immortal World. You’re courting death!” The hall in front of Han Jue turned into dust at a speed visible to the naked eye. Su Qi and the mysterious man wanted to escape, but they were blocked by an invisible force and could only turn into dust. The illusion ended.
 Han Jue showed a frown.
 Was he destined to fail? “I want to know Zhen Yuanzi’s cultivation level.”
 Han Jue continued to ask. He had to figure out the enemy’s strength first before deciding if he should participate.
 (50 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 50 billion years?
 But it was not too ridiculous!
 Continue!
 [Zhen Yuanzi: Late-stage of the Freedom Sage Realm, Ancestor of the Earth Immortal World, Immeasurable Emperor]
 The late stage of the Freedom Sage Realm was not too strong.
 Even if he offended him, could the other party enter his Dao Field to deal with him?
 Han Jue fell into deep thought.
 Actually, he felt that he could cooperate with Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du. In any case, he was sending pawns and not his main body.
 “If Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du and I carry out the plan, how long until Zhen Yuanzi notices?”
 (50 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?] Continue!
 [At least a billion years. Currently, he is in seclusion in a certain Great Dao land, isolated from the outside world.)
 A billion years?
 What was there to fear?!
 A billion years later, Han Jue could definitely crush Zhen Yuanzi with one hand!
 Han Jue began to think about his disciples.
 He couldn’t let the personal disciples go, what if something happened?
 Han Jue suddenly thought of someone.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara!
 Immortal Emperor Samsara was very suitable to lead the Reincarnators.
 Han Jue immediately sent a dream to Immortal Emperor Samsara and told him about this.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara fell silent. Han Jue was not in a hurry and waited patiently.
 After a long while…
 Immortal Emperor Samsara asked, “Is there a chance to become a Sage in this matter?”
 Han Jue said, “The Earth Immortal World forms a Heavenly Dao and can naturally support a Sage. In addition, I also have a way for you to become a Sage. If you do well, I won’t mistreat you. You don’t have to worry. I’m working with the Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du. You have the support of two Sages, the two strongest in the Immortal World.”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara suddenly thought of something. “Should we bring this matter to the Divine Palace? I definitely need manpower.”
 Han Jue shook his head. “You can’t be too ostentatious. As for subordinates, you can just bring your trusted aides.” “Alright!”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara agreed to this matter, and Han Jue asked him to prepare manpower.
 After that, Han Jue didn’t inform Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du immediately but started cultivating. There was no need to be so anxious if the deadline was in a thousand years.
 Three hundred years later.
 Han Jue sent a dream to Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du and said that he agreed to his proposal.
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du revealed a rare smile. “Very good. Have you chosen the executioner?”
 Han Jue nodded.
 “You can name this special space as a show of my sincerity,” Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du said.
 He paused for a moment and said, “This matter will not taint you with karma. After we discuss, the name will be personally named by the executioner.”
 How sinister… how considerate!
 Han Jue said in a low voice, “Let’s call it the Reincarnation Space. I’ll send someone to your Dao Field. You can arrange it yourself. I still have to cultivate normally.”
 “Yes, sure.”
 After the dream ended, Han Jue sent a dream to Immortal Emperor Samsara and asked him to bring people to the 33rd Heaven to find Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du.
 After that, Han Jue began to observe.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara did not bring Han Tuo along. This meant that he did not have any ulterior motives.
 However, Han Ming followed Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 Han Jue didn’t care too much about this younger brother who had already cut ties with him.
 Han Ming treated Han Tuo well. If he really encountered danger, Han Jue would save him if he could. That was all.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara left the Immortal World with a hundred trusted aides.
 Han Jue sorted out his emotions and started to break through.
 He could have broken through long ago, but he was disturbed by Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du. Next was the perfected Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm and the Freedom Sage Realm!
 Jie School, in the Sect Master’s Daoist temple.
 Huang Zuntian was meditating when the messenger disciple suddenly entered.
 “Report— The Golden Crow Demon Emperor has been defeated by our sect’s Primordial Golden Immortal. However, the Buddhist Sect suddenly interfered and saved him!” the messenger disciple said in a low voice.
 Huang Zuntian opened his eyes and frowned. “Who from the Buddhist Sect attacked?”
 “Primordial Chaos Buddha!”
 Huang Zuntian was moved.
 Primordial Chaos Buddha was a newly established Buddha of the Buddhist Sect. His cultivation was extraordinary and his strength was unfathomable. It was said that he might be a Pseudo-Sage.
 The Buddhist Sect sending the Primordial Chaos Buddha was equivalent to declaring war!

