 Huang Zuntian stood up. The Buddhist Sect had sent a Buddha, so how could he stand by and watch?
 The messenger disciple heaved a sigh of relief.
 Huang Zuntian immediately moved.
 A battle between Pseudo-Sages was about to break out!
 After five hundred years, Han Jue finally broke through
 He deliberately slowed down towards the end. He wanted to hit a nice number of years, but at the last moment, he sped up his breakthrough when it was getting rushed.
 His Dharmic powers surged!
 Han Jue checked his attributes panel as he consolidated his cultivation.
 [Name: Han Jue]
 [Race: Primordial Fiendcelestial (Immeasurable Emperor)]
 (Cultivation: Perfected Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm (Perfect Sage)]
 [Technique: Primordial Chaos Reincarnation Great Dao (Great Dao), Heavenly Cycle Body Tempering]
 (Great Dao: Great Dao of Life and Death, Great Dao of Karma, Great Dao of Extreme Origin]
 Awesome!
 His lifespan had increased by ten times!
 Han Jue looked at this long string of numbers and was filled with satisfaction.
 It was already equivalent to immortality!
 Han Jue calmed down and continued to consolidate his cultivation.
 After forty years, his cultivation finally stabilized.
 He began to improve his Sword Dao Mystical Powers. It only took him half a year.
 Han Jue didn’t directly cultivate the Grand Unity Aspect. Instead, he checked his emails and asked about the recent situation.
 (Your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara has left the Immortal World.)
 [Your good friend Han Ming has left the Immortal World.)
 (Your good friend Huang Zuntian was attacked by your good friend Primordial Chaos Heavenly Devil.)
 [Your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara created the Reincarnation Space.]
 (Your good friend Primordial Chaos Heavenly Devil was attacked by your good friend Li Daokong.)
 [Your good friend Shi Dudao was attacked by the ancient Master of Calamity.)
 (Your good friend Pan Xin has joined the Divine Palace. His providence has increased greatly.]
 Why were the Primordial Chaos Heavenly Devil and Huang Zuntian fighting?
 Han Jue frowned. In order to prevent the two spies from fighting, he had to visit them in their dreams.
 Their loyalty to him had reached six stars. Han Jue was not afraid of being betrayed.
 When the two of them learned that the other party was on their side, they were both shocked.
 However, they didn’t dare to act recklessly in front of Han Jue and could only agree not to become enemies.
 Han Jue sent a dream to Li Daokong.
 This fellow was a very stubborn person. Han Jue was worried that he would fight the Primordial Chaos Heavenly Devil to death.
 Li Daokong was silent.
 After a long while…
 Li Daokong asked, “Sect Master, how many people have you planted exactly?”
 He used to think that Han Jue was not shrewd enough and only knew how to cultivate diligently. He suddenly felt that he had seen wrongly.
 He was too shrewd! One of the Buddhas was actually his subordinate!
 Han Jue said, “This matter cannot be made public. I trust you. You will become a Sage of the Hidden Sect in the future, so I’m letting you know in advance.”
 Li Daokong nodded. “Thank you for your kindness, Sect Master. I have something to say. I took Han Yu in as my disciple.”
 “I already know.”
 “I want to treat Han Yu as my successor. He might suffer and even die…”
 Li Daokong was very hesitant when he said this. Although he had a strong personality, he was not stupid.
 Han Jue said, “Up to you.”
 With that, he removed the dream.
 After returning to reality, Han Jue snorted coldly.
 “If I want to protect him, how can he die young?!” Han Jue thought proudly.
 He was no longer the same as before. In this Immortal World, he had such confidence!
 After settling all of this, Han Jue began to cultivate the Grand Unity Aspect.
 The further one progressed in the Grand Unity Aspect, the harder it was to cultivate it. It was not that the essence of the Fiendcelestial was stronger, but that the power of the Fiendcelestial Dharma idols repelled each other and was very difficult to coexist.
 This cultivation lasted for two hundred years. Han Jue cultivated another fifty Chaotic Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols and couldn’t create a new one.
 They were respectively the Defying Dao Fiendcelestial, the Surging Fiendcelestial, the Roaming Fiendcelestial, the Spiral Fiendcelestial, the Sly Smile Fiendcelestial, the Forty-Nine Authority Fiendcelestial, the Dragon Form Fiendcelestial, the Creation Fiendcelestial, the Realm Fiendcelestial, the Useless Fiendcelestial, the Influential Fiendcelestial, the Sensory Fiendcelestial, the Memory Devour Fiendcelestial, the Negative Karma Fiendcelestial, the Stellar Fiendcelestial, the Omnipresent Fiendcelestial, the Devilish Evil Fiendcelestial, the Sunken Fiendcelestial, the Epoch Supremacy Fiendcelestial, and the Ancestral Fiendcelestial.
 Qi Breath Fiendcelestial, Green Lotus Fiendcelestial, Attack Fiendcelestial, Existence Fiendcelestial, Plane Fiendcelestial, Exterminate Fiendcelestial, Spirit Connection Fiendcelestial, Extinction Fiendcelestial, Non-Distance Fiendcelestial, Withered Fiendcelestial, Time Fiendcelestial, Ancient Fiendcelestial, Great Firmament Fiendcelestial, Dao Chaser Fiendcelestial, Spiritless Fiendcelestial, Emperor Dao Fiendcelestial, Emotion Fiendcelestial, Rebirth Fiendcelestial, Instant Fiendcelestial, Divination Fiendcelestial, Creator Lord Fiendcelestial, Soul Origin Fiendcelestial, Ashen Fiendcelestial, Heavenly Cycle Supreme Fiendcelestial, Exposure Fiendcelestial, Rule Fiendcelestial, Grant Fiendcelestial, Blessing Fiendcelestial, Red Dust Fiendcelestial, and Stubborn Fiendcelestial.
 Han Jue began the simulation trial and adapted to the power of these new Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols.
 In the blink of an eye.
 Ten years passed.
 Apart from Ancestor Xitian and Dijun, Han Jue could directly kill all existences in the simulation trial!
 After accumulating 224 Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols, no one below the Sages could resist him!
 Awesome!
 The increase in strength made Han Jue regain his hot-blooded state.
 He really wanted to find a Freedom Sage to fight!
 Forget it.
 Calm down. I can’t act recklessly.
 Han Jue walked out of the Daoist temple and preached the Dao to all the living beings in the Hidden Sect.
 He preached for a hundred years.
𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com A hundred years later, Han Jue returned to the Daoist temple and began to observe the Reincarnation Space.
 The Reincarnation Space was not in the Immortal World but in a corner of the Dark Forbidden Zone. It was extremely far.
 Even as a Sage, Han Jue couldn’t spy on the Reincarnation Space’s exact situation.
 He had no choice but to send a dream to the Reincarnation Space for Immortal Emperor Samsara to show him the situation.
 Currently, thousands of Reincarnators were gathered in the River of Destiny of the Earth Immortal World, forming more than a hundred illusory worlds.
 Creating a world required great Dharmic powers, because these worlds were located in the River of Destiny. If the Reincarnators changed the fate of the providence bearers in the illusory world, it would affect the River of Destiny.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara showed Han Jue the scene of the Reincarnation Space.
 There was a city in the Reincarnation Space. It was a million kilometers big and could allow the Reincarnators to rest. This city was very similar to an ancient city, but there were also some technological figures. “The cultivation trend of the Earth Immortal World has ended. What’s popular now is something called science. By using science, living beings can leave their stars and explore the chaos. The one who created science was also a Chaotic Fiendcelestial. He severed the Spirit Qi and used it to attract the faith of all living beings in the Earth Immortal World to strengthen his providence. His strength is unfathomable. However, this Chaotic Fiendcelestial is also afraid of Zhen Yuanzi and doesn’t dare to show himself usually.” Immortal Emperor Samsara introduced.
 Han Jue raised his eyebrows. Was this the truth of science?
 The end of science was theology?
 Was it just a lie fabricated by the gods?
 Han Jue asked, “Is there a planet called Earth?”
 Immortal Emperor Samsara said, “Yes. Earth was once the center of the Earth Immortal World, but it’s very weak now.”
 “What’s the year on Earth?”
 “Earth has already existed for ten billion years. The Galactic Year is 3200.”
 Han Jue remained silent.
 Either this was not the Earth of his previous life, or it had been a long time. The Earth he was familiar with had already changed.
 However, Han Jue did not care about Earth or his previous life. He only cared about this life.

