 Han Jue opened his eyes and habitually checked his emails to see if anything interesting had happened recently.
 [Your good friend Huang Zuntian was attacked by your son Han Tuo and was severely injured.) [Your good friend Ancestor Xitian has left the Heavenly Dao.] (Your good friend South Extreme Heavenly Venerate has split open a world. The providence of the Heavenly Dao has weakened.] (Your good friend Li Daokong has comprehended a Mystical Power. His cultivation has increased greatly.)
 (Your grand-disciple Murong Qi has transformed into a Chaotic Fiendcelestial.]
 (Your good friend Immortal Emperor Samsara was attacked by a mysterious mighty figure.]
 (Your disciple Su Qi was acknowledged by a mysterious existence.)
 Han Jue was stunned when he saw Huang Zuntian being severely injured by Han Tuo.
 Impossible!
 The difference in cultivation between the two was so great. Even if Han Tuo erupted his potential, it was impossible for him to hurt Huang Zuntian.
 Moreover, when Huang Zuntian saw Han Tuo, he should be able to guess their relationship.
 Could it be that Huang Zuntian wanted to attract Han Jue’s attention?
 Under normal circumstances, a father would definitely pay attention to his son.
 Han Jue thought for a moment and still sent a dream to Huang Zuntian.
 In the dream.
 Huang Zuntian looked at him in surprise.
 “Master, you really understand me!” he said excitedly.
 Han Jue asked angrily, “What is it?”
 Huang Zuntian immediately told him what Sect Master Tian Jue had arranged for him.
 So, it was the new Heavenly Dao.
 Han Jue already knew from the emails, but he didn’t tell Huang Zuntian. The emails could only be read one-sided. He was very satisfied that Huang Zuntian could tell him at the price of severely injuring himself.
 Among the spies he had planted, Huang Zuntian was the best. He didn’t cause trouble and did not need help. He was self-sufficient and could help him.
 Thinking of this, Han Juels gaze softened.
 However, the divine light of the Sun and Moon Yin-Yang Protection shone on him, preventing Huang Zuntian from seeing his expression.
 Han Jue said, “Yes, I’ll consider this matter. Don’t look for Han Tuo next time. The Sages will also suspect if you do it too many times.”
 Huang Zuntian nodded.
 “I’ll teach you a Mystical Power. Once you use it, I’ll know that you’re looking for me.”
 Han Jue then pointed at Huang Zuntian’s forehead.
 He taught him the Invocation Technique.
 After the dream ended, Han Jue continued to read the emails.
 Two hours later, he started cultivating again.
 He had already reached the perfected Primordial Chaos Zenith Heaven Golden Immortal Realm. Next, he should consider the Freedom Sage Realm.
 How to become a Freedom Sage depended on the Great Dao of Extreme Origin.
 Han Jue’s Great Dao of Extreme Origin was already very powerful and all-encompassing. As he continued to cultivate the Grand Unity Aspect, the power of the Great Dao of Extreme Origin was also expanding. One day, the Great Dao of Extreme Origin would contain three thousand Great Dao and become the strongest Great Dao.
 Han Jue wanted to turn himself into the Great Dao of Extreme Origin.
 The Great Dao was everywhere. The body of the Dao could exist forever.
 This was a little like Dao Integration.
 After the Dao Ancestor became a Sage, in order to reach a higher level, he fused with the Heavenly Dao and stood above the Sages.
 Unlike the relationship between the Heavenly Dao and the Dao Ancestor, the Great Dao of Extreme Origin was completely created by Han Jue. It was completely obedient to him, and he didn’t have to worry about a backlash.
 Han Jue had to become a Freedom Sage as soon as possible. Only then could he face the attacks of the Dark Sage King and Luo Hou.
 …
 Time passed.
 More than two thousand years passed.
𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com Unknowingly, Han Jue was already 100,000 years old.
 [Detected that you are 100,000 years old. You have the following choices:]
 [1: Exit seclusion immediately and create your own Heavenly Dao. You can obtain a Mystical Power inheritance, a Great Dao Fragment, a Heavenly Dao Spirit Stone, and a Supreme Treasure.]
 [2: Cultivate in a low-profile manner and stay away from trouble. You can obtain a Great Dao Fragment and activate the second Dao Field.]
 Han Jue opened his eyes. Second Dao Field?
 He was immediately interested.
 What was the second Dao Field?
 Creating a new Dao Field? He immediately chose the second option.
 (You chose to cultivate in a low-profile manner and obtained a Great Dao Fragment and the chance to open the second Dao Field.)
 (Second Dao Field: After choosing a location to build the second Dao Field, within a certain period of time, the Spirit Qi and array formation of the second Dao Field will be raised to the same level as the main Dao Field. You can teleport between the two Dao Fields at any time. Everything will depend on the intentions of the Dao Field Master.)
 Han Jue widened his eyes.
 The second Dao Field did not need to be upgraded. It could directly become as powerful as the main Dao Field!
 Teleportation?
 A necessary tool for escape!
 Han Jue was very happy. This function was not bad. If the Hundred Peak Immortal River was attacked by the Dao Ancestor one day, he could escape at any time.
 Where should he build the second Dao Field?
 At the Dark Forbidden Zone?
 At the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End?
 Han Jue first eliminated the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End. It was too close. The Dao Ancestor would definitely be able to find it.
 He had to go somewhere extremely far from the Immortal World.
 Han Jue suddenly thought of the Earth Immortal World.
 The Earth Immortal World’s Zhen Yuanzi was not as powerful as the Dao Ancestor, but he didn’t know how far the Earth Immortal World was from the Immortal World.
 “I want to know where the furthest place from the Immortal World is.”
 [It cannot be deduced because the Immortal World is the center of chaos.]
 Han Jue laughed at himself.
 Even if he knew the furthest place, he couldn’t go there. Or the Earth Immortal World.
 Han Jue immediately sent a dream to Immortal Emperor Samsara. He taught him the Invocation Technique.
 Several days later. Immortal Emperor Samsara began to summon him.
 Han Jue was very cautious and asked in his mind, “Is there anyone stronger than me in the Earth Immortal World?”
 (3 billion years of lifespan will be deducted. Do you want to continue?]
 Continue!
 [Not for the time being.)
 Han Jue heaved a sigh of relief and stepped into the black vortex of the Invocation Technique. He came in front of Immortal Emperor Samsara.
 This was a dark hall that was ghastly like a demon cave.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara knelt down on one knee and bowed to him.
 Han Jue said, “How’s the Reincarnation Space recently?” He had already activated all his Supreme Treasures to guard against enemies at all times. Although there was no existence stronger than him in the Earth Immortal World, what if a terrifying expert suddenly descended outside it?
 It was always good to be careful.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara began to talk about the development of the Reincarnation Space. Han Jue spread his Sage Sense and spied on the Earth Immortal World.
 The Earth Immortal World had already transformed into a universe. It was extremely vast with countless stars. The Reincarnation Space was located in the chaos above the Earth Immortal World.
 He began to search for a suitable place for the second Dao Field.
 Earth?
 No!
 Earth was too weak.
 If it was destroyed by cultivators, wouldn’t the Dao Field be exposed?
 Han Jue’s gaze landed on the sun. He could place the Dao Field there
 After making up his mind, Han Jue interrupted Immortal Emperor Samsara and said, “I’m going out for a walk. Continue with your things.”
 With that, he vanished.
 Immortal Emperor Samsara frowned. He was vigilant.
 Could it be that a Sage had appeared in the Earth Immortal World?
 That Zhen Yuanzi is back?
 The more Immortal Emperor Samsara thought about it, the more uneasy he became. He could only pray that Han Jue could eliminate the powerful enemy.
 He was still very confident in Han Jue.
 This fellow wouldn’t make a move unless he was absolutely confident.
 On the other side.
 Han Jue had already arrived at the sun.
 The scorching heat had no effect on him. He penetrated the ground and created a space inside the sun before letting the system build a second Dao Field.
 (The second Dao Field has begun to be established. You can leave at any time. You don’t have to wait.]
 How humane.
 Han Jue smiled in satisfaction and jumped back in front of Immortal Emperor Samsara.

