 The Sages all looked at the Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage.
 The Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage snorted. “Aren’t you from the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End?”
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du said, “Indeed, but you and I were born in the Heavenly Dao. We can’t forget our roots. I’ll first declare that I’m severing ties with the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End’s Human School. From now on, the Human School will be divided into the Heavenly Dao Human School and the Ruins of End Human School.”
 The Sages were moved. How ruthless!
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage was also shocked as his eyelids twitched.
 This was a declaration of war!
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du looked at the South Extreme Heavenly Venerate and Sect Master Tian Jue.
 “From today onwards, the Jie School will be divided into the Heavenly Dao Jie School and the Ruins of End Jie School. The Heavenly Dao Jie School will only serve the Heavenly Dao!”
 “From today onwards, the Chan School will be divided into the Heavenly Dao Chan School and the Ruins of End Chan School. The Heavenly Dao Chan School will only serve the Heavenly Dao!”
 The two Sages expressed their stand. Qiu Xilai, Emperor Xiao, and Heavenly Venerate Wufa were the same.
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage was silent.
 Han Jue’s body was covered by divine light. No one saw his mocking expression.
 He wanted to see what the Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage would do in this situation.
 Should he continue enduring the humiliation or overturn the chessboard?
 Fang Liang, Li Daokong, and Shi Dudao also looked at Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage. The atmosphere became strange. “Hehe.”
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage suddenly sneered. As he closed his eyes, a terrifying aura erupted, wreaking havoc in the Divine Palace.
 “You want to force me with your identity as a Heavenly Dao Sage?”
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage’s tone was sinister, and his words were filled with killing intent.
 Heavenly Venerate Xuan Du said calmly, “Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage, are you fighting as a pawn or for yourself? You can choose. If you want to jump out of your brother’s control, this will be the best opportunity.” Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage suddenly stood up, startling the other Sages. He raised his right hand, and flames burned in his palm. A black bell emitting an ancient aura slowly rose from the flames.
 The Sages took out their Dharma treasures and prepared to fight. The South Extreme Heavenly Venerate mocked. “Eastern Emperor, you want to kill a Heavenly Dao Sage in the Heavenly Dao? How ridiculous!” Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage glanced at the Sages disdainfully and said, “Do you know why the Deity Realm of the Ruins of End sent me here? It’s because your rebellious nature has long been exposed. When I fused with the Heavenly Dao, you had already failed.”
 Boom
 A terrifying suction force erupted from the black bell in the Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage’s hand. The Universal Hall shook violently. The Sages were shocked. They felt something being extracted from their bodies. “What power is this?”
 Qiu Xilai said in anger, “He’s absorbing our Heavenly Dao providence!” Once the providence of the Heavenly Dao was sucked dry, only one path waited for them.
 Death!
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage laughed wildly. “Do you understand how stupid you are? A pawn wants to jump out of the chessboard? Are you qualified?”
 Boom
 The black bell shook violently. The terrifying suction force was still increasing, preventing the Sages from moving even if they tried their best. The difference in cultivation was too great!
 Han Jue stood up, and a domineering aura dispersed the black bell’s suction force. The Sages regained control of their bodies and flashed behind Han Jue. Shi Dudao looked at Han Jue’s back in shock. “So strong!” The moment he stood up, he dispersed the suction force that made him despair!
 Fang Liang’s expression was also very complicated. He had never known how strong his Grandmaster was. The other Sages heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, Han Jue was here. In the hall, Han Jue and Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage were on par. As their eyes met, the aura of the two Sages rose steadily. The heavenly phenomena changed as dark clouds surged and the heavenly might surged. Everyone in the Immortal World was terrified. Thousands of mortal worlds trembled.
 The Dao Seekers cultivating outside the 33rd Heaven fled. Only the cultivators of Chaotic City could continue guarding.
 Zhou Fan stood on the city wall and looked at the Universal Hall with a frown.
 The disciples of the various sects began to discuss what had happened.
 In the Universal Hall.
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage narrowed his eyes and said, “Sect Master of the Hidden Sect, Han Jue, do you really want to stop me? Didn’t you say that you won’t be affected by karma and won’t cause trouble?” Han Jue said indifferently, “If you want to harm the Heavenly Dao, I have no choice but to make a move.”
 “You’ve only just entered the Freedom Realm. Do you really think you’re my match?”
 “If I dare to come, I will definitely be able to kill
 you.”
 The Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage frowned.
 He was very afraid of Han Jue. The Deity Realm of the Ruins of End’s plan had been destroyed by him time and time again. No one knew Han Jue’s true depth.
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage wanted to continue speaking when Han Jue suddenly attacked. The Primordial Judgment Sword appeared in his hand, and he slashed out with it.
 Mystical Power, Unparalleled Sword Qi!
 The domineering sword Qi instantly shattered the Universal Hall. The Sages behind Han Jue were also killed. Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage’s expression changed drastically. He raised the bell to block, but he was still sent flying.
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage’s robes fluttered as he stabilized himself with a terrified expression. “This fellow’s sword Qi… has he really just entered the Freedom Realm?”
 He stared fixedly at the vast sand formed by the Universal Hall. He saw terrifying Dharma Idols slowly stand up and disperse the dust. The nine Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols above Han Jue’s head approached Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage. The Sages who were affected earlier condensed their bodies and retreated far away. They didn’t expect Han Jue to accidentally injure them in order to deal with Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage. Li Daokong was also shocked. Sect Master was really ruthless!
 Han Jue raised the Primordial Judgment Sword. The nine Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols fused together and transformed into a terrifying force that entered the blade. Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage took out the black bell. The bell rang, and all living beings in the world were stunned. The Chaotic Space distorted. Han Jue suddenly felt a mysterious force crossing the River of Time to target him. This feeling was very strange, but it did exist! Mighty figures could guard against enemies by attacking their past selves! [Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage has developed hatred towards you. Current Hatred Points: 6 stars]
 [Detected that the Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage has crossed the River of Time and wants to harm the past you. Do you want to use the system to resist?]
 Yes!
 Han Jue saw the notification in front of him and chose yes.
 With the system around, he could focus on the battle ahead.
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage was something. He could actually harm his past self in front of him. The power of time was very difficult to show in the simulation trial. Han Jue still underestimated Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage’s strength. Han Jue waved his sword and slashed. The Great Dao Mystical Power, Primordial Divine Rage, swept out with the power of the nine Fiendcelestial Dharma Idols. The sword Qi swept past Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage at an extremely fast speed. A terrifying black crack that was unknown in the Chaotic Space tore open. Too fast!
 The Sages couldn’t see this sword Qi at all. Even someone as strong as Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage couldn’t react in time and was reduced to dust.
 Almost instantly, Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage condensed his body again.
 The Heavenly Dao Sage was undying and indestructible!
 Eastern Emperor Heaven Sage’s expression was extremely ugly. He raised the black bell and aimed its mouth at Han Jue. Countless Golden Crows flew out from the black bell and surged towards Han Jue.
 The Sage Dao Fields along the way turned into dust one after another!
 The Sages watched from afar and did not dare to approach. In front of a Freedom Sage, Heavenly Dao Sages were like ants.

